Did this really happen? Soldiers riding on horses into gun fire and tanks? Looks like something from Battlefield 1
"The odds are we aren't all gonna make it out of this one"


Then later 

"I ain't losing one man on this team"


Just feels dumb to have both those lines in the trailer 
Fantastic cast. Seeing Rob Riggle made me giggle. 
"Oh, alright Michael Shannon okay...looks okay..."  
  
*plays slowed down version of Tom Petty*  
  
"Fuck this trailer, too soon!"
this doesn't look great but I'm going to be mad as hell if Shannon doesn't have a kickass monologue about how dumb the war is going to be
Who's this director? IMDB says he has 1 film to his name which came out in January 2017 but it doesn't have a rating nor any information. I wonder how he managed to pull of helming a production with a cast like this. 
Hemsworth is awesome and I hope he can find more success outside Thor. But I can't see me spending money to see this in the theaters.

Pena and Shannon both were in Oliver Stone's World Trace Center 
As a vet of both Iraq and Afghanistan....just for once I'd like a movie about either war that isn't highly unrealistic and A) ridiculous, sappy murica' propaganda (ie American Sniper) or B) highly cynical anti-american propaganda (ie Green Zone). Generation Kill was fantastic but pretty much everything else sucked.
Not many times that a trailer puts me off a movie like this one did, checking every cheesy box in existence 
I will find him!!!!
Tons of Michael Bay-esque shots in here.
Woohoo! Jingoist propaganda! 
"If we don't take this town, the World Trade Center is just the beginning."  

Ugh, vomit; get out of here with that corny murica bullshit.
I was with it until they used the phrase 'Horse Soldiers' and I imagined army men with horse faces.
This could be the most cliched and silly war movie ever made.
Interesting touch that the wife of Chris Hemsworth's character in the trailer (and film, of course) is played by his real life wife.
I liked the original title 'Horse Soldiers' better, great cast tho
releasing in january? ye gonna be terrible 
What is with that subtitle?  Is this going to be part of a military series kicked of by '13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi'?
"The war will be over in a week."

Funniest American joke ever... Said by every American citizen and government official at the time. 
I find it really interesting that Taylor Sheridan (writer of Sicario, Hell or Highwater, and writer/director of Wind River) is in this
Really looking forward to this film, I enjoyed the book when I read it on deployment. Kind of sucks to know what happens in the end though...
----Show family scenes
----Show soldiers gearing up for war
----UH OH WE SUH-WOUNDED BY EVERYTHING
----Cue explosion
----silence
----Start slow cover of popular song
----Show the end of the movie

End trailer.
A foreign lead actor playing an American war hero how many American actors were used for the movie Dunkirk oh yes...none
After the Iraq War kicked off there were a lot of anti-war movies. This ramped up during 'the surge' as well. 

Now that we're years and years after the war ended, we get all these revisionist history pro-war movies.

I think this tends to happen because the Left gets 'tired'. It's hard to fight an uphill battle. Most people (regardless of nationality) think they're right. This extends to countries as a collective voice. 

We don't feel remorse for the dead Iraqis and the soldiers who gave their lives for a fruitless war. Just look at the petty fanatical patriotism people are espousing in opposition to opposition to police brutality. 

We are doomed. No self-reflection or humility. Just toxic arrogance and shallowness.
This looks cliché as fuck. The familly back home, the small outnumbered, outgunned team behind enemy lines, the slow-mo, the last letter and of course the balade song.

The only thing missing was a big American flag.
:S So cheesy 
MORE. MICHAEL. PENA.
So Jerry Bruckheimer decided to make a live action version of *Team America:World Police*
its hard reading these comments :( 
propaganda
What a wonderful piece of propaganda
<3 TREVANTE RHODESSS <3
American propaganda still riding on the corpses of 9/11 it seems. Sad that they've shanghaied so many great actors into this crap.
i think this looks badass
Wow, this looks super-corny. 
Propaganda the movie !
Looks PG-13. Not interested.

And yes, I know Dunkirk was PG-13 and was good, but while that was a war film, there was very minimal combat. 
I'm liking the cinematography and the performances look solid, but the script sounds overwhelmingly cheesy
Man, every cliché in the book!
Great music at the end
The guy just died and already they ruin his music.  Brutal. 
Anyone else mad that 911 happened when we were at school. The girl is either going to be very late for school or this is inaccurate.
After the ALLUH ACKBAR I just cut it off.
michael pena?  i'll watch
When you see a bunch of fireballs on the battlefield that is a war movie you don't go and watch. 
They wouldn't stand a chance against Ser 20-Good-Men.
How many pounds of explosives this grande was packed with :P :P :P Holly shit ! 
Great cast but looks like another forced patriotic rah rah murica movie.  hope im wrong
how are these military 9/11 'merica freedom military films still being made.
I have faith in JB but this looks like another generic cookie cutter soldier flick.
Cheesy dad flick that doesn't honestly look all that great. For the most part the cast looks great but I'll pass on this one. 
What the fuck?

Top Gun on a horse..
Another Chris Hemsworth movie that will probably be really good but no one will go see it. That dude is box office poison outside of Marvel.
I'm not sure about the tanks but yeah they really did that.  I don't think that the movie will touch on that a few of them were killed during a friendly fire incident where a bomb was dropped on their heads almost killing Hamid Karzai.  Task Force Dagger had the last of the Taliban pinned in a valley when the friendly fire accident happened which halted the mission in finishing the Taliban off and allowed the Taliban to escape into Pakistan where they were able to recruit and rebuild.

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2001/dec/05/afghanistan1
As in they were shooting form their horses hitting moving targets while tanks also rode around like something out of Battlefield One? No.

Did they ride horses and used them to move around and **deploy** in the battle? Yes (take note of bold black letters).
It's true, there's a whole book about it. The original title of the movie was Horse Soldiers.
Yes, it happened. The book "Horse Soldiers" is a great read
I don't know about the horses and tanks but the first boots on the ground in Afghanistan in late September 2001 were an elite combat division of the CIA. 

It's probably partly true and liberally fictionalized. It's propaganda, likely pushed through by the influence of the CIA's Office of Hollywood affairs, a la *Zero Dark Thirty*.
Same impression. My brother and I saw the trailer for this before a showing of 2049, and at the end my brother leaned over and whispered, "That doesn't look like it really happened".
Makes sense to me?

"we might die"

"I refuse to let that happen"
Reversing the order might make more sense 
"One last ride" - every Fast & Furious movie
[deleted]
The riggle giggle
Yeah count me out
He was a war photographer and started making documentaries in the field, then did commercials, now is starting off with a doc style shot war film. Seems like a natural progression. And when it's a Bruckheimer movie, you don't really get to be an auteur. 
He mostly made [commercials](http://www.nicolaifuglsig.com/commercials/) before this. Not too unusual, lots of directors get their start like that.
He's an award winning commercial director. Check out his stuff and you'll get why he got the job. 
Without looking at who the director is, this has Jerry Bruckheimer's influence written all over it.
That's why I got a moviepass
Have you seen Jarhead?
Yeah, Hollywood just don't get soldiers. At all. Except Generation kill. Generation kill nails what its like being in the military. 
I recommend a 2014 war film called "Kajaki", it's about British soldiers in Afghanistan. It's about one of their patrols running into a minefield; it's one of the most tense and anxious war films of the 2000's, I highly recommended because it's entirely and completely only about the soldiers and their experience. No glorifying, no propaganda, no narcisim, just war.
I’m still holding out hope that we can have a modern war film with the same tone (and quality) as Saving Private Ryan. Nearly every film that has a combat setting pushes the heroism, country, and family angle, but never showing how terrifying and fucking scary it is. I don’t mind a dose of patriotism every now and then, but it’s becoming super cheesy at this point. I remembered a kid watching Melish being stabbed by the Nazi soldier while the man he was fighting alongside is slowly bleeding out to death after being shot in the throat and Upham was breaking down on the staircase just praying to be anywhere other than there. No orchestra playing, no music, just the struggle of two men fighting each other. No movie has had that punch before to this day. 
What about Jarhead? 
Did you like Black Hawk Down? It’s very Hollywood of course but in term of the balance between American propaganda and anti-American propaganda, I think it’s one of the few war movie that balance it well.
i never got a "Rah Rah 'MURRICA!" vibe from american sniper at all. maybe because im not american? usually that makes it stand out more though

The problem is it is almost impossible for some director to understand how combat is, they think it's a videogame.
soldiers without helmets .. shooting stuff that's 30 m away .. making sure they are not looking at explosions .. and of course, it's all for their families ! 
Yeah let me guess final battle with a guy riding the horse shooting people 10 feet away just mowing down enemies like some corny shit that wouldn't even happen in a video game.
Let me try and explain that line.

At this point in time, the Taliban (backed by Al Qaeda) were on the verge of taking over Afghanistan. In light of 9/11, them having control of entire country was a very threatening possibility. 

In the context of "taking the town", Mazar-i-sharif was viewed as a lynchpin in Afghanistan and that whoever controlled that town, controlled the country. As you can guess, at that time, the Taliban had just taken the town, and it was the main goal of that first team of Special Forces to work with the Afghan Northern Alliance and retake the town. 

So while you can argue this is a heavy handed line, it is actually accurate with the sentiment at the time. 
oh man there was so much of that that was said back then... it's like everyone was hoping that they'd wind up being portrayed in an epic war movie in a generation or two - you had EVERYONE dropping faux-philosophical bullshit left and right. 
Unless it portrays their character perspective as such, and not the underlying voice of the movie, I agree.

But it would be more than accurate to have soldiers with that exact naive mentality and approach. 

Hell, you have to remember, everyone was corny MERICA-rah-rah-rah right after 9/11. My fucking Football coach dedicated our next game to "America" for christ's sake lol.


edit: But yeah, this movie looks shit
It's gonna be 911 times a thousand 
The problem with people like you is judge a single character's dialogue like some sort of objective truth, or the movie telling you somehting, it's a *character* he has a personality and says things from his point of view, get it?
I said fuck this movie as soon as I heard that line.
If only there was a word to describe soldier on horseback.
Everything about this screams terrible...
Well.. "I'll be home by Christmas"
- A dead british soldier 1914. 
> Said by every American citizen and government official ~~at the time.~~

OF EVERY WAR EVER..
Let's invade North Korea, it will be over in a week.

He was an actor before getting into writing. He was on the first two seasons of Sons of Anarchy.
This was Afghanistan not Iraq. It's a whole set of different war.
Why?
[removed]
Too sappy for my taste.
It look pretty dumb and has 150% pentagon funding.
Well they do tend to shout that, a lot. Its kinda their thing. Actually regular muslims use it offten too, much like we would say "holy shit!" 
Looks more like fireball covered by dirt, which is also realistic, compare to regular propane explosion.
Which is a damn shame. He has a gift for comedy and i still reckon his role in the Abrams Star Trek made me not despise it. 
>  probably be really good but no one will go see it. That dude is box office poison outside of Marvel.

He fucking earns the title of box office poison.  Look at his filmography, it is loaded with such shitty movies.

-  Ghostbusters 
-  The Huntsman: Winter's War 
-  In the Heart of the Sea 
-  Vacation 
-  Blackhat 
-  Red Dawn 
-  Snow White and the Huntsman 
-  The Cabin in the Woods 
-  Ca$h 
-  Perfect Getaway 
Two different ODA's. One team went in with Karzai, One team went to support the Northern Alliance. This is about the team that went to the Northern Alliance.
Yeah, that was very sad about about the blue on blue incident.  They had a ODB team deploy with them and started calling in airstrikes without the ODA teams permission.  ODA has the on sight command and the ODB is their to support.

Basically a huge mess up by the higher ranking officers.  Saw a documentary on this just recently and they interviewed the Officer that called in the airstrike.  He did not seem that apologetic and just kept referring that he was the ranking officer on the seen.  Total BS.
I read the article...no mention of horses....I'm disappointed. I really really want this to be true!!!!
Ohhh Ok. That makes sense. I honestly thought from the trailer they were shooting from their horses.
While I can't speak to if these Special Forces guys fired from horseback, I can say definitively that the Afghan Northern Alliance forces did. They even had a particular firing style where they would stand up, hold the reins in their teeth and fire their AK-47s. Yes they did this against tanks because that was what the Taliban had. That's what makes this story so crazy and unreal sounding, but it's true. 
Have you watched Zero Dark Thirty? It most certainly is the total opposite of a CIA Propaganda movie. 
Yea, no. This isn't some conspiracy. Just a movie based on Doug Stanhope's book written from interviewing the soldiers involved and chronicling their stories. There's definitely some creative liberty being taken here, but it's not in the intention of propaganda. And the CIA had no hand in any part of this script. 
Just read he's playing his former commander. This, for me, is the real draw for this movie.
[deleted]
Jarhead was the first Gulf War. Think OP was referring to the current conflicts in the Middle East.
That's because David Simon was behind Generation Kill, not Hollywood.
GK is a masterpiece, from the creators of The Wire, they can set an atmosphere in a way that you can relate to it.
Fucking Upham. 
FWIW, this director was a war photographer in Kosovo and was a tank captain in the Danish Army. 
> Unless it portrays their character perspective as such, and not the underlying voice of the movie

Good point. It feels like it's certainly the voice of the trailer/marketing and therefore an audience they're chasing.  

However, that might not actually say a whole lot.
[My God.](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6ZsVUkbeM1aswgx2/giphy.gif)
Yeah, America sucks AMIRITE REDDIT? XD
"December 25, and a Merry Christmas to you.

Last night after chow we relieved a squad that had been on line for several days. So I spent Christmas Eve and will spend Christmas Day in a dugout facing the German lines. Ah there, Adolf! Frohliche Weinachten!

It was a beautiful and grim Christmas Eve."

- US soldier during the Battle of the Bulge, 1944.


He's dyslexic?
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The trailer for Black Hawk Down is [just as sappy,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GfBkC3qs78) if not more. (wtf is that piano music?). Let's wait until we see the movie before writing it off based on tone alone. 
don't know why you're getting downvoted, there are quite a few War Movie cliches right there (no way Michael Pena is making it back for that rain check sex) and about half the dialogue was.... not good. And the DoD/CIA has a documented history of bankrolling propagandistic movies like this. 

[deleted]
he was supposed to be back for the fourth Trek but I don't think it's still happening
Let me tell you something about myself.  I come home from work to my place and all I have is my work.  There's nothing else in my life!
But The Cabin in the Woods is good. 
Blame the script, not the actor.
The scenario /u/Kitzinger1 is talking about comes from the book "The only thing worth dying for" by Eric Blehm.  This movie is not based on that book, but the second ODA as /u/tkbutton has already mentioned.

Do you have a source/link for the interview? Sounds really interesting. Thanks.
https://www.amazon.com/Horse-Soldiers-Extraordinary-Victory-Afghanistan/dp/1416580522

https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Horse_Soldiers_(film)&redirect=no
It's true, there's a whole book about it.  The original title of the movie was Horse Soldiers.
There is a lot about Task Force Dagger out there and some books.

https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/vol.-53-no.-3/the-horse-soldiers.html

http://www.americanspecialops.com/operations/sof-afghanistan/task-force-dagger.php
Well I can't be sure it was particularly effective, if you look at footage of the NA fighting the Taliban you can see it's beyond a clusterfuck, they way the move around the battle is very unorganized and silly.
http://www.businessinsider.com/cia-helped-produce-zero-dark-thirty

Frontline also did a whole show on it. It's a good movie, and it does a good job of... being a war movie, which means it isn't a blatant propaganda piece, but that's how modern propaganda works. The CIA Office of Hollywood Affairs is real, what do you think their mission is?
Doug Stanhope is a comedian. It doesn't have to be either/or, it's not a conspiracy theory that both the CIA and Pentagon have offices to interact with and influence Hollywood, it's fact. I'm not saying the CIA wrote it (but if a production wants to use US military equipment, the pentagon does require on Script supervision) but what Hollywood does produce can be classified as propaganda. It's been there since the beginning. I'm mostly saying that a lot of war movies are modern propaganda, whether or not the government is overtly involved, which they sometimes are, and that's a fact.
I never would have imagined that is a sentence I would read about him
Looks like literally every ground level shot is a shoulder camera shot. 
Yes because anyone who rolls their eyes at that statement must hate America...
From a foreigner perspective, it's funny to see how some americans react so violently to people just *implying* that the event was rigged by your own government.

While in the rest of the world, to be fair, we wouldn't be surprised if that was the truth.
Nice debating skills. Immediately say something violent and aggressive to defend a story told to you through a tv, by an administration that tortured people. An administration that made millions through oil and defense contracts. 
Lol. 
Word. Your right. These propaganda movies that pop up every couple years just get me PO'd. I can't stand the fact that history is a lie sometimes. Appreciate your kind words.
Didn't a lot of the TV spots play Dave Matthews Band's A Space Between?
> wtf is that piano music?

Moby
What, BS, dude at work uses it about twice a day. And his not praying, rather when hes exasperated. Also in Turkey they chant it when they win football matches. Are you Shiia or Sunni? 
I cannot remember or find where I saw the interview.  There is a book written by one open the team members, Eric Blehm which includes that incident. "The Only Thing Worth Dying For" is the title.  Very good read.  If I find the interview will post it.
https://www.amazon.com/Only-Thing-Worth-Dying-Afghanistan/dp/0061661236/ref=pd_bxgy_14_img_3?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=J5BCV0RKE8KE52SPMRFV

I read this one and it goes into some detail about the friendly fire incident.  It's a really great book and I couldn't remember the name so thank you spraj.  Much appreciated.
Oh shit! Nice! Thanks!
You mean from the random shots cut together in this trailer?
I know, eh?!
He means it doesn't look like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUd5RPVDjPY). Too much grading and cinematic composition (I disagree, I think it does look doco style, but you know how people are if something is more than one specific thing).
He's not implying it. 
I wasn't debating you, I was giving you advice.
[deleted]
No I meant real footage when the NA fought along with the SAS
That is pretty awesome.
I'm also guessing they tried to cut out as much of that as they could/stabilized footage for the trailer to give off more of an epic cinematic feel. 
How are you so damaged you would say that to someone for simply questioning a story told by the government? 
Sure dude, I have a hunch muslims differ from each other in speech and manner a bit though. Kinda like Me and a guy in portugal got like nothing in common except maybe religion. 
ohhh, my bad. Yea, I mean there's a reason why most people aren't still riding into battle on horseback lol.
How can you be so damaged you'd call someone "fucking retarded" for NOT believing the unofficial story? Seriously, fuck off.
[deleted]
Relax 
Eh i dunno, Im fron Norway and I only know about the people I grew up with and work with. You are probably right. 
