The least Confusing Trailer between the 3 trailers that have been released for the movie.

That being said, I am interested on how Paul Feig doing a thriller movie.

[Bonus](https://www.instagram.com/p/BkRLyBOl4Us/?)
I'm interested to see how they manage the tone shift. This doesn't look like a dark comedy, but they certainly have Kendrick playing the comedic role early on. Does it just get dark and stay there (abandoning the laughs)?
Gone girl 2.  2 gone, 2 girl. 
I'm calling it right now, Anna Kendrick's character and Blake Lively's character come up with a scheme to get rid of the husband so they can be together.
IS THAT LINDA CARDELLINI? 
The tone is all over the place, but it looks like a fun schlocky time. The costume design is on fire. Blake Lively's Marlene Dietrich tux sells the whole endeavor, as far as I'm concerned.

Glad to see Henry Golding getting work beyond Crazy Rich Asians!
A. She befriends Anna Kendrick's character to unknowingly help orchestrate the necessary events to make her ingenious scheme work.

B. There's no way she's really dead.

C. If she's not really dead, there's no way the husband killed her ergo, he can't really be the bad guy -unless he set up a murder plot, which she somehow survived and subsequently faked her death to somehow get the insurance money and send him to prison.

D. The end will reveal that somewhere along the way Anna Kendrick was taken into her confidence (the "simple favor" the title *actually* refers to) and will share in the eventual wealth.


I can totally see myself MoviePassing this 
What's the song?
This unfortunately looks like one of those movies that drops the first week of September. I like the talent involved but based on the trailer I'm not feeling it, at all. Has a real "movie of the week" vibe to it, and if this is actually supposed to have a 'Kiss Kiss Bang Bang' tone to it, you sure as hell wouldn't know it from the trailer. 
I wanna see it! 

I just like anything that looks way different that a blockbuster.
Watched the first minute of the trailer, then stopped it before it got spoilery, I think that was the right move, because now I'm actually interested.
I was interested in this movie but that trailer didn't really sell me... Not gonna dismiss it yet though i love the leads and paul feig has made things i very much enjoy sooo yeah
The part of the trailer where Anna Kendrick just looks at the camera and it says “what” is where the trailer should end lmao 
Rename it A Simple Flavor and have it just be those two tasting vanilla ice cream for 90 minutes. 
Not sure about this. Feels average in my eyes. Plus Paul Feig is directing and after Ghostbusters, will no doubt be on a women empowerment binge.
Paul Fieg, sorry, no.  Permanent do not fly list.
[deleted]
At least this trailer kind of makes it look like a movie. More than the one that was all title cards. 
Anna Kendrick said the tone of the film is similar to Kiss Kiss Bang Bang which was a dark comedy of sorts. 
Gone Gurl
Handmaiden in upper class suburbia
If we are doing predictions I'll call dibs on they are the same person.
yes
WHY ARE WE YELLING 
Slightly off topic. What happens in real life if a woman is married to a significantly wealthy man, but he had sign a pre nup, and coming into the marriage she had no significant money of her own? Let's say the husband goes to jail for a long time for a crime but doesn't owe any debts. Does the woman become de facto owner of his funds until such time as he is released?

Or, based on the pre nup & it all being his money, is the woman suddenly broke? How would she pay the bills to maintain the house etc?
Me, too. 
[Saint Privat - Poisson Rouge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7ySLGzRfrc)
Yeah, but if you go back and watch the trailer for Kiss Kiss Bang Bang (which I just did) it really doesn't show the movie to have the tone that it does at all. I'm gonna give this one a shot I think.
>  if this is actually supposed to have a 'Kiss Kiss Bang Bang' tone to it, you sure as hell wouldn't know it from the trailer.

That is just what one actress said about it. I wouldn't base any judgements or create expectations on an offhand comment.
I feel like a lot of people hang Ghostbusters over his head, but the dude made one of the most beloved TV shows ever, and a handful of pretty fun movies.
This has Blake Lively and Anna Kendrick in it which is already an upgrade from some of those actresses in Ghostbusters. 
This trailer does not remind me of Kiss Kiss Bang Bang one bit 
Goodness bless, that’s a game changer. 
I guess a pre-nup could say anything, but generally speaking they only kick in when the couple gets divorced. Go to jail, die, even ;live separately: everything is still community property until the marriage is legally dissolved. Not a lawyer, though.
Thanks!!
Unrelated but your username reminded me that 2 Evil Eyes exists and I'm going to assume you've seen it, is it good?
 Insult me once, fuck you, insult me twice, fuck you forever.
It doesn't have to lol That doesn't mean the tone of the movie isn't like it. They may just want to be selling the film as more of a thriller so they get butts into theaters than have audiences not knowing what the hell type of movie it is which unfortunately turns audiences away. 

Then again I haven't seen the movie lol Just saying what Anna Kendrick said the tone of the movie reminded her of. 
To be fair, do you remember the trailer for Kiss Kiss Bang Bang? It does not make the movie look nearly as good as it is, nor does it really communicate the tone of the movie. I'm willing to give this one a shot.
Looks like gone girl with extra steps
So the wife could still access funds to run the household and buy basic necessities? I.e. Food & bills etc.
It's worth a watch. Both stories are pretty tame, compared to each director's other work, but both have some pretty cool scenes. Harvey Keitel is really fun to watch in Argento's Black Cat. 
This opinion brought to you by Red Letter Media. 
Oh I completely agree and was not meant to come off as attacking. 

It's more of a point on the state of marketing today than anything, if what she said is correct. 
Yeah, unless the pre-nup specified something to do with prison time, she would legally have all the same rights she had before the sentence.
Sounds up my alley. Thanks.
