[deleted]
Was pleasantly surprised to see that Dave Chapelle is in this. 
Is it too late for her to play Freddie Mercury?
I was late to the Gaga train, I admit. But I have my ticket firmly in hand now. 

Honestly, a big thing that turned me around was her Super Bowl show. I wrote her off as just a passing phase, another dumb pop star seeking attention. I know now that’s not it with her. At all. 

I watched her in American Horror Story, and she’s got acting ability. She even made me tear up a bit. I mean...it was just raining. ...on my face.

And if anyone has heard Bradley Cooper in that interview (or any interview), where he speaks French...his voice is like butter and made for singing. 

Shut up and take my money already. 
The first scene was filmed at Glastonbury festival last year. I was at the front of that crowd!
I understand people already talking award nominations but I’m more curious to see what sort and size of audience turns out for this...it looks accessible as hell (and I’m saying that as a compliment). In a year of comic book adaptations making all of the money at the box office I’d love to see something like this turn into an actual goddamn box office monster.
those vocals. damn. both of them sound awesome but how is it possible that i’m still constantly blown away by Gaga’s power when she sings? my old choir teacher used to tell us for musical theater that you should sing as if you’re trying to get your voice to physically hit the audience but man , does Gaga take that to a whole other level.  just amazing. 

also, she seems to have improved immensely from AHS, but this IS just a trailer and obviously this will have better writing. really stoked for this! 
Lady Gaga and her pipes are COMING for that EGOT
It actually looks really good.

The soundtrack is going to be amazing though.
Cant believe this is the fourth version of this movie.

Interesting that Cooper is directing this.

Trailer looks good.  Gaga looks like she can act and Cooper looks like he can sing.
So thats why I have been missing Bradley Cooper. He has been mining this gold. And Gaga is the Lady. 
Lady Gaga.  Sold.
I want that "The Shallows" song NOW!
[deleted]
Gaga coming for her Oscar 
Holy fucking shit, her vocals on that song, i need it in full now. Cant wait for this
Lady Gaga has a fantastic voice.
This looks fucking awesome. Can't wait for it. Actually seems like a worthy successor to the original.
I saw an early test screening. It's really fantastic. The soundtrack will probably be one of the greatest of all time. Gaga is great, but Bradley really steals the show.
Not gonna lie, I’m shook. 
Is there anything Gaga can't do? Seriously she sings every genre, writes, acts, dances, produces, directs etc. 
She is the most Talented popstar in the Game in my opinion 👏
This looks amazing! The trailer actually gave me chills! Can't wait for the movie 
Me after watching the trailer  https://imgur.com/VpNlWfg
Father John Cooper 
Sign me the fuck up!
Lady Gaga on her way to becoming a Triple Threat! Bring it!
Oh hey Chapelle in a big movie 
When I first heard about this movie, I sort of cringed at the idea but the trailer really sells this movie. I’m putting all my money in this being an actual hit. 
Looks really, really promising. Also, Lady Gaga is beautiful without all that weird make up on. It reminds me of Angela Safaryan.
Gaga sounds spectacular, her voice is out of this world. She's one of the most talented artists out there today. I can't wait to hear the soundtrack. The movie has a whole looks great too, I always had faith in it though. 
The first time I heard about this movie was when Sean Penn was raving about it on the WTF Podcast:  

> “If I could do that today, what [Cooper] he did with that story, I’d be staying in the game. But I don’t have the perspective and maybe not the skill set. This is one of the most beautiful, fantastic… it’s the best, most important commercial film I’ve seen in so many years.”

Now I know why he was so excited about it.  This trailer looks spectacular.  
Next year, it'll be: *Academy Award Nominated* Lady Gaga. 
Bradley Cooper waaaaants that Oscar!
Gaga is amazing. I can’t wait to see this.
I mean yeah, it doesn’t look too original, yes it’s a remake, but I’m not here for that.

Curious to see Bradley’s directing chops, Gaga’s acting, the music and the looks.

I’m excited for this, the studio moved  it to award season, so they seem pretty confident with this, I’m biting, I’m in.
Just take all my money already
I'm usually not big on musicals or movies that have songs in them, just not the thing I'm into.

But man, this trailer looks so damn good. Lady Gaga continues to showcase, to me anyways, why she is THE BEST entertainer today. So amazed how much range she has and continues to find new avenues.
I was very whatever about this movie. Didn't want to see it. Now I just want to sit back, smoke a joint, and watch this. It looks surprisingly good. 
I can’t stop watching this trailer, man. 

Buzz is obviously around Cooper’s directing debut and Gaga as an actress, but low key Bradley Cooper has gotten better and better as an actor with each performance. He also comes off so genuine in interviews that in a role like this I really think he’s going to give such a heart wrenching performance. 
She's delivering one good reason to slay!
Normal gaga is more weird than regular.

Edit: im just not used to it.
I have made this observation before. Lady Gaga is much more attractive without so much makeup and glam.
As a huge fan of the 1954 masterpiece starring Judy Garland and James Mason I really do hope they do the story justice.

I got to be an extra during what looks like a major scene filmed last year at the Greek Theater in LA. They were both singing live and Cooper’s voice is indeed impressive!
Holy shit. i have no idea what it is but this movie look awesome to me. sign me the Fuck up.
He can sing too? Jesus dude,  spread it around a little!
Wow this looks really good. Was a bit nervous at first about Coopers voice but he seems to have nailed that. Sort of like a Kris Kristofferson but better. As for Gaga's acting, hard to tell from a trailer but I'm liking what I do see.
Still not entirely sold on Gaga's acting, but damn if the good sis isn't serving us vocals. 
Looks great. Another one to see 
So basically Crazy Heart if Maggie Gyllenhaal could sing. 
FINALLY !!! 😭
This looks so good!!

LG is beautiful and BC sounds great - will definitely be seeing this!
Such a versatile Queen😍
Amazing trailer and Lady Gaga looks beautiful as ever!
I think Lady Gaga is gearing up for a comeback album. I always theorized that her boring country-ish album was like a planned intermission in her career.

Lady Gaga is the one pop star I like. Her voice touches me, inside. ::blush::

But pop stars are people too. They work hard, they get where they are because they have talent and training. Can we stop making it cool to assume pop stars are just randumb bimbos? Few people can do what they do.
Ugh, what an icon, what can't she do ^(except personal albums)
... Imagine my surprise watching that when I thought it's a sci-fi movie.... 
So who's gonna win Opening Weekend, Venom or this?
Bradley Cooper is a better Dierks Bentley than Dierks Bentley.
well that ending is going to make me cry if it's the same
Is this semi-autobiographical? I seem to remember hearing Gaga started in a similar way just writing and being told no one wanted to see her on stage?
Seems like Bradley Cooper is the new Clint Eastwood.
This movie looks damn good
Dave Chappelle is finally old enough to qualify as a wise old black character in an inspirational story about a white guy.
This looks sooo good. Gaga and Brad are gonna kill it, and we already know that the soundtrack is going to be amazing. 🙌🏼
I’m guessing a lot of people forgot that Lady Gaga is both an Oscar nominee (for best song) and a Golden Globe winner ( for AHS: Hotel).
If gaga gets a nomination for this and wins. I really hope she rubs that into Leo's face for laughing at her when she won her award for American Horror story. 
WOO!! Go Gaga!! All the Applause 👏👏👏
What a great cast!
Any movie that features Sam Elliot that releases a trailer and doesn't give separate title cards to both Sam Elliot and Sam Elliot's mustache is doing it wrong.
Looks like a strong directorial debut from Cooper, and the performances from him and Gaga feel real and heartfelt. I predict Oscar nominations in multiple categories.
Looks good! Cooper looks pretty weathered in this
This looks amazing
I wonder if there will be a misunderstanding that could be resolved instantly if one of them didn't immediately run off that then consumes the movies entire third act?
I didn’t know lady Gaga could look that regular
this strangely reminds me more of that 80's Bob Dylan movie; Hearts of Fire but whateves I just wanna see Bradley shirtless again
Gaga has come a long since being on MTV's boiling points. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kL-RL--QBw


her 4 possible reaction to his death are in the trailer 

crying with flower in her hair @ 1:54 

breaking the glass @ 2:02 

screaming in the toilet @ 2:05 

crying in the red light corridor @ 2:06

Can’t wait. Love Lady Gaga
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THIS FOR MULTIPLE REASONS. GAGA FOREVER I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART! 
But where's Jennifer Lawrence?
How many times are they gonna remake this movie?
That’s what Lady Gaga looks like in reality?! Oh my god she’s beautiful.
Did we not just see the whole movie? 
Now this is a movie, excited to see something original rather than a remake or another super hero movie! 
If it follows the usual story, his star wanes whilst hers rises.
Bradley Cooper playing Rick Grimes playing a country star. 
Well, take your girlfriends.
This looks interesting, I'll probably see it. Music sounds ok.
I thought I was about to watch a Bruce Springsteen tribute movie.
It looks good, kinda cheesy but still good, I will watch it for Gaga. Cooper looks like he nails it as well. 
her 4 possible reaction to his death are in the trailer 

crying with flower in her hair @ 1:54 

breaking the glass @ 2:02 

screaming in the toilet @ 2:05 

crying in the red light corridor @ 2:06

I know this has a lot of hype but this looks really generic to me. Cooper looks great and the singing sounds great but the plot just seems blah to me lol 
Jason Isbell wrote songs for Bradley Cooper, Im  in !!!
Wow. That trailer was amazing! Academy award for best trailer. Feelings! 
Is the trailer thread being shilled?

What the fuck is with the Oscar talk when you've seen a 2 minute trailer?
I'm really mixed on this...overall it doesn't look bad by any means but almost all of Gaga's dialogue in this trailer didn't really sell her acting ability well... vocals were popping though so the soundtrack should be good at least 
This should win an Oscar!
The movie actually looks really good. I’m disappointed they didn’t use Gaga’s real name for her credit. I hope they do come release time. 

EDIT: people, I know that it has to do with marketing. It’s just all the promotional stuff before this used her real name. It would’ve been cool to see it in the trailer. I do understand the weight of Lady Gaga’s name. 
Man, got chills watching the trailer. Really looking forward to this. 
Really excited for this 
BAWH GAWD KING! THATS LADY GAGA’S MUSIC!!!
Hes almost on the same level as Jamie Foxx's Ray performance or Joaquin Phoenix' Walk the Line performance. That right there is no easy feat because most actors just lip sync or the song gets dubbed over their own singing.
He took singing lessons just for this movie.
[deleted]
Wasn't she in Machete Kills? 
he deserves every award he's nominated for and/or wins
> guy's got a surprisingly great voice.

You make it sound like you had no idea he played Rocket Racoon.
It's very possible that what we're hearing in the trailer was sung live.  Especially to get a better performance (capturing the nervousness of a singer).  But it's also possible that aside from singing live, they also did some ADR in post and that's what we're hearing in the trailer / film.  
Also at [https://youtu.be/ywkF1lj5wyI?t=1m24s](https://youtu.be/ywkF1lj5wyI?t=1m24s) the dude behind Gaga is Anthony Ramos. He was apart of the original cast for Hamilton as John Laurens and Philip. Didn't expect to see him turning up in movies. Seems like we should get some solid musical performances
Oh wow I had no idea!!! 
no way he can be handsome, a great actor, funny, and can sing.....fuck  
I love Bradley Cooper and this seems great... but seeing Dave in this trailer was the real selling point for me. I can’t get enough of that man.
I think Dave Chappelle shouldn't just be doing dramatic roles he should be writing and directing.  His Netflix specials have proven he can tell ONE HELL of a story.
We're also getting, Old Wise Sidekick Dave.

"Nigga don't do that, that's 5-10"
Dude, right? But I'm somewhat interested in whatever acting chops Gaga has to show.
and Andrew Dice Clay!
I feel like he should be doing some narrating. What a voice 
And Andrew Dice Clay doing something that isn’t just inappropriate nursery rhymes.
HAHAH I was watching it and I was like "is that Dave Chappelle??" 
I've thought about this every time I hop in the shower for some reason, every time for the last week. I don't know why. 
If you were specifically intrigued by the super bowl show you should definitely watch the documentary Five Foot Two (which is currently on Netflix) because you see behind the scenes as she met with the NFL and the whole thing got planned.
Just a question but why do you always assume pop stars are dumb and untalented? Look up live performances of Ariana Grande, Kelly Clarkson, Tinashe, Jessie J, Florence and the Machine, Christina Aguilera, Bebe Rexha, Maren Morris etc.  One up and coming pop star right now is Camila Cabello who has amazing stage presence and vocals. Not to forget Lady Gaga and Beyonce, two legends and the most talented singers/pop artists of their generation. 

I'm sick and tired of people assuming pop musicians are talentless idiots. And why are always pop female singers underrated like this? 

Good that you've turned around, but really, your ignorance is the issue here. 
Some of it was filmed at Coachella last year as well 
Super interesting! Sorry for the the incoming questions, but I always wondered this with these films shot at concerts... how did they manage telling the crowd what was up? Did they ask you to react a certain way? How did they protect any leaks from people filming on their phone and posting to social media etc? 
While it probably won't be a "monster" I could see it doing respectably well. Only franchises really smash these days.
This year's La la land
This looks like it could be a huge non-franchise audience favorite in the vein of The Greatest Showman. Hopefully without the awful revisionist history. 
i'll see this movie, but it's not worth spending $20 in a theater to me, I like big movies that take advantage of the big screen and huge speakers i don't have at home

I love movies, and have a great 65" OLED and surround for highly enjoyable viewing, but movies like this are home watchers for me, no matter how good.
I remember there was a video of her in college singing while playing the piano and people called her the next Norah Jones. If only they knew lol.
I'm still half convinced that the Countess was just a stiff character in AHS. We all thought she was subpar at acting but then towards the middle of Hotel, her characters backstory was shown and she is actually decent.
Gaga is talented as fuck. Homegirls got some serious pipes.
When Gaga sang "Edge of Glory" on Howard Stern, I just realized she was more than your typical pop star.  She is legit as fuck.
I know, it is pretty crazy. Her vocal power is truly something to behold. 
I was sold by her acting here, funny enough. Forgot she was Lady Gaga for a sec until she started singing. Her voice is so damn possible. 
I've never been a **huge** fan of the Lady Gaga "character", but I will never back down from the fact that I have a huge ammount of respect for the voice she has and straight up musical talent she posesses. Any chance she gets to pull away the absurd make up and artisitc production she puts into Gaga, I'll sign up to see.

I don't have anything against her doing the "Character" and making wild and crazy artistic choices, mostly because I know it's [absolutely](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYfF9VKMp4w) not [a crutch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPAmDULCVrU).

This movie is probably going to be the first time a lot of fans of her see her "out of character" for an extended period of time.
She's coming for our wigs too!
Not going to lie, I was actually impressed with her acting in the trailer. She wasn't bad in the past, per se, but most roles she's done up to this far have been hyper-stylized. It's nice seeing her do a more serious role. 
"People have always told me that they love my voice, but not my looks." Not a direct quote, but I wonder if that's why she gets so elaborate on stage. I like her look with minimal makeup. 
As soon as Gaga started singing in the trailer, I was sold.
Currently more excited for that than the movie, I hope it will be out by September at the latest, since the movie is coming in October.
Yeah. I teared up a little and I'm not even sure why. 
[deleted]
We hould see a lot more of him now that he (and probably Lady Gaga too?) will start promoting the movie. 
IKR hopefully it's out by August at the latest, if it's the lead single of the soundtrack album. 
Every studio wants their trailers in front of Jurassic World 2 and Incredibles 2.
How to Train Your Dragon 3 trailer tomorrow as well.

I also think there's a couple more I'm forgetting, but a lot of new trailers certainly came out this week.
We can't forget [White Boy Rick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qns48PtK2io). It looks pretty good. 
Don't forget White Boy Rick!
just need a beautiful boy trailer and we're good
Halloween trailer on Friday!
The Girl in the Spider's Web trailer coming tomorrow, and Drew Goddard's Bad Times at the El Royale most likely this week as well. 
White boy Rick looks good to
With Dave Chappelle as a sleeper nom
At first I legit thought this was an Amy Winehouse biopic.  This looks amazing.
If the movie is as good as this trailer, I feel like this could be one of those movies which can go for multiple nominations, singing, acting, and direction.
Yea what the fuck, really surprisingly good. 
I’ve been a Gaga fan since her early days but man, still get goosebumps just listening to her sing like that. Really looking forward to seeing the movie.
It's so good ... I finished working on the sound mix mid-april, and I still have the songs stuck in my head.
She actually sings amazing, I remember that I disliked her music videos and songs back in MTV days until I saw her playing live a song on TV, and I couldn't believe it was her, ever since I listen closely before judging.

She is so talented and an amazing singer.
In my humble opinion, she is the best live performer on the planet at the moment. I have other favorite artists but I have never seen an artist but the soul and energy (plus talent) into a live performance in the way that she does.
Also, since when did she turn this beautiful? I always thought she looked kind of freaky, but she looked astonishing in this trailer. 
I just learned this is actually the *third* remake of the original 1937 film (starring Janet Gaynor and Frederic March). It was also remade in 1954 (Judy Garland and James Mason) and 1976 (Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson). Wow- I guess when the story works, it works haha
It is fucking awesome!!! Been working on this since memorial day of '16, so happy to have the rest of the world see this film.
>The trailer features Cooper in full country gravel voice as Maine — all  the music is original and was recorded live (were you at Coachella?),  and Gaga also performs original songs she wrote with Cooper and the  likes of Lukas Nelson, Jason Isbell and Mark Ronson.

We all know that the story works, but I guess the music can be expected to be good too.

[Source](https://deadline.com/2018/06/a-star-is-born-trailer-bradley-cooper-lady-gaga-video-1202404708/)
At first I thought it was going to be based on the Judy Garland version, but it is based on the 2nd remake and looks like a better version of that movie.
Original?

Edit - shit, there are 3 earlier versions of this going back to the 30s.  
This ain't the first :D

But looks really good and I do hope it lives up to the last one.
Lucky you! How do you think it fared in comparison to the 1937 and 1976 versions?
With that song snippet, the hype is real.
S H O O K E T H
Are you trying to tell me Half Baked wasn't a big movie??!
Have you seen that video of Gaga rehearsing with Metallica? She has a perfect voice for metal/hard rock.
[deleted]
2016 Gaga is calling, wondering how you forgot about her so soon.
In a weird way I don't think she gets the praise she deserves, despite being the biggest talent of her generation. She was extremely ostracized by the public and her own fans in 2013-2014 as well as having problems with addiction and fibromyalgia. Her latest album Joanne caught a lot of slack for being more Americana than electro pop by pop fans. The Superbowl really turned it around for her in 2017 and I'm glad she seems to be finding success and happiness again.
Well, in fairness, most of her stage & red carpet looks are meant to be theatrical and attention-getting, not flattering. It's a big part of what made her stand out when she first got big – it's not memorable when a would-be pop star is attractive, but going for weird makes you unique. 
I know that's not what you're saying, but she never cared about appearing attractive in her music. 


And thank GOD for that. We don't need another female pop star shaking her ass&tits to the camera for their entire career. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it's just empty and pointless.




Watch any video of her talking about her crazy outfits and appearances and you'll quickly find out there's a very elaborate point and a concept behind every single one (even if the explanations are just as weird). It's so exciting to hear someone so excited about fashion and avant-garde
It’s how she expresses herself though. People get way to arrogant about her appearance. And when she finally looks normal, she gets praise as if she was trying to hide behind her makeup and costumes.
One of my favorite films.  Reading a book about the making of it currently....it did not go well.
I know the movie itself was not a critical success, but I *love* the soundtrack. Kris Kristofferson and Barbara Streisand [signing together here](https://youtu.be/vElmLykxg68), so beautiful and touching. Kristofferson has such a warm voice.
Even if her acting isn’t perfect, I feel like she will still bring so much of herself to the role that it won’t matter. She’s going to give it 200%
Buy Joanne on iTunes
ARTPOP Act II
Gaga in space
This. Tom Hardy in High Pitched Mumbling is going to pull a disappointing second, I think. 
If audiences choose "the guy your working for is an evil person" over this idk what to do anymore
Not really. Gaga started out by singing and dancing in dive bars, and went to NY Tisch Arts school where she studied classical music, jazz and theatre. Everyone who saw her live at the time knew she would become big. 

She plays the piano really well and sings jazz music like a pro. She adopted the Lady Gaga persona to get noticed for her music, other wise she would still to this days play around in dive bars and be a nobody. She has one hell of a voice and can sing pretty much any genre. Her latest album Joanne (2016) is bordering on Americana and Folk, while Artpop, Born This Way and the acclaimed TFM are all electronic pop mixed with some 80's rock and EDM.
He bumped into her that's why he laughed not because of what you think. 
These types of movies are all about the acting and the singing.

We all know the plot is a trope.  Hell, even the title is a trope.
The last version was 42 years ago, I don’t think that’s a legitimate complaint - look at all the Robin Hoods or King Kongs 
Yep, that's mostly her natural hair as well. 
I mean it’s the 3rd remake of this movie, at this point we can pretty much guess
No. There's more to the story than what they show you. It's not just old country singer helps young girl achieve fame. The end. 

If you watch the older versions, you'd know.
Except it's a remake.
lol it's a remake
The plot does not just end where the trailer shows you. There's more to this story than what they are showing you. Conflicts and stuff. Never seen the older versions, I'm guessing?
Bradley Cooper
People have always been overzealous on Reddit. It’s why an image of Halle Berry had people acting like the new John Wick is a guaranteed flop and the end times are near.
There's been Oscar talk since it was announced, dude. Get with the program!
This has long been pegged as an Oscar contender before anyone was even signed on to it. The three previous versions all got Oscar nominations, two of them for best actress.

Plus what sensible Oscar campaigner would waste money to “shill” in a fucking reddit thread?! As if there are any Oscar voters lurking here.
You haven't seen it though. 
She had planned to use Stefani Germanotta but I think she changed her mind due to not 'turning her back' on Lady Gaga or something.
That would be like  Norma Jeane Mortenson being credited instead of Marilyn Monroe, they have their stage names which they use for work, wouldn't make sense to use their real names. 
Names sell movies. More than anything else big names draw the most attention.
Using her real name would be a bad move, why do you want that? Lady Gaga is her stage name for any and all artistic endeavours.
Defeats the purpose of getting Gaga herself to star in your movie if you don’t use her name to sell your movie
Walk the Line is my favorite biopic ever, watch it at least once a year
Val

Kilmer
Jamie Foxx has always been a musician though
> Hes almost on the same level as Jamie Foxx's Ray performance or Joaquin Phoenix' Walk the Line performance. 

You've determined that from one preview?
And Oscar Isaac in inside Llewyn Davis.
Except Fox didn't sing at all the entire movie.  
I could be mistaken, but I thought Jamie Foxx was lip syncing in Ray? I know he’s an incredible singer in his own right, but I don’t think he sang in Ray? Unless you’re making that point and I’m terrible at reading comprehension.
Didn’t Dano sing Wilson’s stuff in love and mercy? Brave of him 
My favorite actor turned singing star for one movie is from Country Strong. Garrett Hudlund's voice is crazy good. Like, their plan was to release the soundtrack using real, famous country singers. But then they had to release a second version with the actors because people wanted his versions of the songs. 

Also, y'all should see a movie called Rudderless with Anton Yelchin and Billy Crudup. It's powerful and has great performances from those actors. 

Finally, I'm pretty sure Jamie Foxx went to music school for most of his life so he shouldn't really count as an "actor who learned to sing for a movie."
I mean, he sang before. Haven't you all heard the classic Zoot Suit, from the groundbreaking musical Electro City?
I can't wait for the soundtrack. I listen to the Crazy Heart soundtrack all the time, this reminds me a bit of that movie. 
That's what actors do...
fucking method acting, m8
Most actors/actresses who land a singing role do lol
[This bit in his SNL monologue a few years ago makes a lot more sense now seeing him the trailer](https://youtu.be/--IS0XiNdpk#t=8m59s)
Same. And in a dramatic role!
This is not a criticism, more an observation from a personal standpoint. Chappelle just isn't funny if you're not American I feel. I don't mean that in a condescending way. It's just, from what I've watched, a lot of it just isn't relatable to me.

He seems adored though. So it must be a cultural thing. Not having a go at him, just saying he doesn't excite me like he does most people on reddit. 
He should have his own show!! They could call it the Dave Chappelle Show or something. That would be great.
FINAL ACT:

[Sarah reaches to holds Derrick's hand as they say their final goodbyes]

Sarah: I'm so scared that it's going to hurt..

[Derrick fights the urge to sob and wipes the tears from his eyes]

Derrick: It's just like going to sleep. Having a long dream where everyone you love is waiting for you.

Sarah: Will you remember me?

Derrick: [Slight pause and weak smile] I remember every second we've had together. I remember every smile, I remember the sound of every breath you took whenever you'd fall asleep in my arms.

[Sarah smiles and camera pans down to their hands joined together. Holding strongly until the sound of the heart-rate monitor beeps, Sarah's hand slowly going limp in Derrick's grip]

(Then Derrick kicks her right in the pussy.]
Maybe this is where he gets his inspirations from. :D
He does have one hell of a talent for telling a story on meta-levels. It is really what puts him up there with the greatest of comedians. I am reminded a lot of Pryor in his prime. They both make you think and feel something beyond laughter. But being able to turn on a dime and make you laugh hysterically, that is where the genius is.
I absolutely agree. I would love for him to pull a Jordan Peele and do something in the horror/thriller genre with a comedic undertone.
He can be great in the hands of a strong director. He was great in Blue Jasmine for Woody Allen but can wreak havock when left to do his thing. We'll see how Cooper used him. 

Let's not forget Sam Elliott too. Having him in a country themed movie is almost cliche, but I can't get enough of the guy. He made The Ranch quite enjoyable.
It’s so weird post-2013 to see his name and be all “oooh I bet he plays a great character”. 
and sam elliot as an old country guy
I second this.  Was forced to watch with the wife and ended up loving it.
I noticed that and it’s on my list. Thank you!
I never said I assumed all pop stars are dumb and untalented. I really like a lot of pop stars. I’m a huge Britney fan, I’ve seen her in concert a lot. JT can do no wrong. I love Lana Del Rey. I used to run to Florence & the Machine, I have a lot of her music. I can go on. 

But I readily admit that I didn’t listen to her at first because of the media circus, and I didn’t hear a lot of songs that sounded too extraordinary. It clouds my judgement sometimes. 

I really love old Madonna, and things Gaga did seemed to mimic what she did. I also love David Bowie with all my heart & soul. It just seemed to familiar and overdone. 

I’m happy to admit when I’m wrong. And I was. Better late than never? No one is perfect. 


I think it's a sentiment that has gotten stronger with the creation autotune and heavy voice alterations in a lot of modern songs. Pop stars also tend to be the ones more elaborately costumed with a ton of make-up, and so people associate that with inauthenticity. Even as a fan, I didn't know how much of her was authentic talent and how much was just clever editing and production (I never attended a show). The first time I heard her sing something simple was a youtube video of her singing Imagine while playing the piano. That's when I realized that holy hell she really has a ton of talent.

IIRC, Gaga said she started out with the elaborate costumes and make-up out of insecurity over her own appearance, and maybe she used the heavily produced pop music style as a mask.
They didn’t really announce it at all. It was just before Kris Kristofferson’s set and Bradley randomly came on the stage with a camera man and either pretended to sing into the mike or sang without the mike on. After a few seconds the crown realised it was him and started yelling. After about 2-3 minutes he waved to thank the crowd and left again. Johnny Depp made a cameo with Kristofferson as well (played guitar with him) so it was a pretty interested set! As for leaks, it was mentioned as a side note at the time in reviews of the sets etc, although I don’t think anyone knew what film it was for.
When I saw Lady Gaga at Fenway a guy came out and said they wanted to get audio of us chanting her character's name for the movie.
If every Gaga fan out there sees this it certainly could be.
La La Land was an original musical and crushed it in the box office. It's not like Gosling and Emma Stone are sure-things either, they've made plenty of movies that bombed in the box office.

Greatest Showman also had an incredible run simply because the music was amazing.
Maybe but both Gaga and Cooper can pull crowds and it comes out in October, which is a great release date for this type of film. Plus musicals have been killing it at the box office the last couple of years.
While that's true, musicals are starting to make more money. A musical starring Lady Gaga that gets great reviews and an Oscar campaign while likely having several major hit songs could definitely break $500 million.
I'm going to say this'll pull a 30m first week, and have absurd legs. 
A Quiet Place begs to differ.
Considering the fact that A Star is Born is fictional, I'm pretty sure there won't be any revision of history to worry about.
Hopefully this one goes better than when Norah Jones did the whole acting thing in Blueberry Nights. 
I never understood the criticism of her acting in American Horror Story, I thought she did fine and the countess was obviously a cold character. I do see the growth here too, it's nice seeing her play an insecure/shy character since she is always so fierce in real life.
Yeah, the more we saw of her in the 1920s the more I realized she could actually act.
Link for those who haven't seen it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUesJNqX2BE

Thanks for the rec, schwabadelic.  That was excellent.
This not mentioning her renditions of Bang Bang.
> Edge of Glory" on Howard Stern

[Here for anyone curious.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUesJNqX2BE)
"Any chance she gets to pull away the absurd make up and artisitc production she puts into Gaga, I'll sign up to see." 
That's practically what she has been doing for the past 3-4 years now. 

Filing a missing wig report as I type this
sis she already got my wig!!! Her representatives have been going door collecting the snatched wigs and issuing apologies ugh her mind 
hahaha /r/popheads is that way y'all :P
She already got mine :(
I can't wait for the soundtrack! Little Monsters are in for a treat. There's rumours that Gaga is working on 3 albums, the soundtrack for ASIB, a pop album and another album with Tony Bennett. 
and Guarding the Galaxy
I think The Little Stranger (Domhnall Gleeson movie from the director of Room) and Serenity (Matthew McConaughey/Anne Hathaway movie from the director of Locke) are also supposed to be this week. 
Wow. That was a great movie. Surprised they got it all done in 2 minutes and 44 seconds.
Man, if Chapelle wins for best supporting next year, or hell just even nominated I'll...  do nothing,  just be slightly amused, maybe a little smile.
With Dave Chappelle as Dylan on the soundtrack
Sam Elliott’s the more likely nom in that category. 
I love Dave Chappelle as much as anyone else, but c'mon. We're making an Oscars predication based on four seconds of footage in a trailer.
His moving into more serious acting because his just to damn good at comedy.
sam elliott seems to be playing a bert gordon kinda character 
Well her acting remains to be seen but I assume they wrote original songs for the movie and she's going to be a STRONG contender in that category (and may block Lin-Manuel Miranda's EGOT again after La La Land blocked him winning for Moana, assuming they let him wrote a contending song this year for Mary Poppins)
Well, Sean Penn said this movie got his interest back to movies which he lost
cooper singing 'tell me somethin good' gave me chills 
Please tell us there are a lot of songs.
What is the best song in your opinion? 
You should do an ama when the film comes out. Maybe bring the team along. 
Same boat. I HATED her when she first came out. Then I saw her on tv at the MTV Music Awards singing Paparazzi live and she not only blew me away with her singing, but had such a stage performance unparalleled to all these other pop acts. Oh man I loved her since and have been to her concerts twice. 
Enjoyed her songs early on, but fell in love with her, with her acoustic version of "Poker Face" performance on Ellen.
That’s her natural looks. She is a natural brunette. What you are seeing, or saw in the past as she doesn’t do this anymore was her crazy outfits with tons of make up on. She has scaled that down a lot. 
She was always beautiful. 
the 1976 remake with Streisand and Kristofferson *did not work*.
Fourth if you count *What Price Hollywood* (1932)
Lady Gaga always wanted to do a movie like this, but many do note that it's the third time now that this film has been remade. I hope it works out well.
How is Gaga's acting in it?
Are you Bradley Cooper?  Big fan by the way!  :)
I'm very excited for the soundtrack, it will be full of original songs and I'm liking what I'm hearing in the trailer so far.
I love them all and I like that they all take the same general story and make it appropriate for the time period. It's one of the few series of remakes that I think really makes sense because of that. It's cool to see how some stories are timeless even as the music, clothing, and atmosphere change.

In terms of the music, this one is definitely my favorite. Every song is phenomenal. Bradley's voice was a big surprise and Gaga (obviously) knocks it out of the park in that sense. Full disclosure: I'm also a millennial, so this music is closest to my personal taste, but it really is super well done.

EDIT: More detail.
She has the perfect voice for everything. She's so versatile. I did, such a shame there were technical difficulties during the live show. Yet Gaga is such a pro lots of people didn't even realize what was happening. She managed to carry the performance. I'm just glad people are recognizing her talent. These songs won't be overly produced so they'll really showcase what she can do. Soundtracks are selling these days too, I hope A Star is Born's soundtrack will sell well.
She can sing anything even Julie Andrew. 
Ya she has a nom for her song Til It Happens to You. Should have been a win but they gave it to Sam Smith for Writing's On The Wall instead.
I guess I should have specified for acting. 
We were, Caught in a Bad Romance. 
I also hate the people that accuse her and demand her things like she owes them anything, but I won't lie: ''Brazil, I'm devastated'' is a gem of a meme and I won't ever let it die.
Never understood the hate during the art pop era 
When it comes to music I have not been into the weird makes you unique since my Parliament-Funkadelic days. All I need is some talent and a good voice, which she has. Yes, I am old now.
She had a clever purpose behind every outfit. That draws you in. Then you listen to her music. Wow! She is, imo, the best music artist in the industry. She can do any genre and do it well.
[deleted]
I actually never heard of the Kristofferson/Streisand movie until about a week ago the soundtrack landed on my desk (own a record store). Never even considered listening to it but I may have to give it a spin afterall.
I have heard great things. This will have a really good chance at getting one as it's nominated 4 times!
The part where he cuts his brother in half is so sad. And then even sadder when he cuts his father in half just before getting his forgiveness. It's like poetry... it rhymes.
It's a good movie, but it leaves out so much. The ending misleads the viewer to believe that Johnny and June have a fairytale life after they get married when a good portion of it was very tumultuous. There were some very dark times in their marriage and Johnny continued to battle personal demons.
Walk the line was an EPIC movie.. but this might be a good contender to De-throne... the trailer to this is AMAZING!
I say the same about the blues brothers 
check out the miles davis biopic if yer into them, was a nice surprise. 
His performance of [Skeet Surfin](https://youtu.be/af9N7UhTMA8) moves me every time
Just watched Top Secret last night. Man that movie is amazing. 
...Foxx studied classical piano at Julliard, no less.
I think Michael Ian Black really carried the Zoot Suit though 
Just started watching Ten Years Later. Shame Bradley Cooper isn't in it.
It's more like the other remake of the other remake of the original.
He is so great. He is one of the few comedians that when he speaks, you know it comes from somewhere real and not something that's just currently popular. Thanks for the post. 
That is the the first thing I thought of when I saw Dave in the trailer.  was the monologue when we has talking about all the black people in the white house.....and Bradley Cooper.
Just a random thought...it’s really easy to tell if something with Chapelle in it came before he left Chapelle’s Show or after.
Nah man he's hilarious. He's clever and honest to boot 
That’s a valid opinion! He’s my personal favorite comedian but comedy is subjective. 
Drop "the Dave" just...Chappelle show.  Wooohooohoooo!  Let's start the show. *harmonica plays
That is brilliant. I bet Comedy Central would buy that right up.
Amazing 10/10
Hey the adventures of Ford Fairlane is a modern classic, his catchphrase in the movie is saying "here's to you" pausing then finishing with "suckin my dick!"
Sam Elliot is the man. My mom jones for him so goddamn hard when I was a kid.

And you're right about Clay. I was shocked by how much I liked him in Blue Jasmine. I didn't think he had it in him to play such a role. 
Not to be a dick, but you are a huge fan of Britney Spears, and made an assumption that Lady Gaga was dumb and untalented?

Downvote me all you want but, fuck me, I don’t count your opinion for much. That’s just ridiculous. 

Britney lip syncs for crying out loud.
https://i.imgur.com/sw8Qs5j.jpg bonus photo
This is too perfect given that Kristofferson played Bradley’s role in this movie in the 70’s. 
Oh my gosh, you were in that crowd? No way!!!!! I cut the sound effects for this film, that chant being one of them. That moment is one of my favorite in my 29 year career. Others are asking for an AMA, I'll address this at that time.

But please go see it, because your "ALLY" chant is played loud n' proud. YOU ARE IN THE FILM!
This. Suddenly, this is the only film I want to see for the rest of the year.
I'm going to see it at least five times in the theatres
I absolutely loved The Greatest Showman. I felt like the music and the choreography drove the movie. It was a great blend between dialogue and song. 

On the flip side I just could not get into La La Land. I really enjoy the acting of Gosling and Stone but I don't know. It just felt like a giant circle jerk for Hollywood. 
La La Land seemed more upbeat and happy story. It's hard to get people to turn out for what seems to be a depressing story
It's rated R, so it won't be aiming for those kinds of numbers.
It's Rated R, that's impossible.
I personally thought she was incredibly average in the first half of Hotel. I still can't believe she won a Golden Globe for the role above Kirsten Dunst in Fargo. 

I really enjoyed her as the Countess after episode 6 or 7 of Hotel though and feel like she gets heaps of unnecessary hate for the role when it wasn't that bad. 
Really? I admit I haven't been paying much attention the last few years. I assumed she was still doing her "normal" Gaga thing. Not a huge fan, thus I wasn't really keeping track.
SUMMON THE GREAT CARLY RAE. BOW TO HER GRACE'S E.MO.TION.
I wish more great pop singers would put out jazzy albums like "Cheek to cheek", something that shows a bit more range than the pop standard.
And fucking models. Cmon. He just told you.

Thanos might have gotten the power stone, but those models have gotten the power bone. 
To be fair, I could probably Wikipedia that story and know how it ends
You know what’s crazy? He’s always been this talented. 
I will make a positive post on facebook, might even work a thumbs\-up emoji in there.
Hot fire confirmed
Actually I've heard that the standout supporting performance is from Andrew Dice Clay of all people. 
No way. I can even see Dave Chappelle winning, and it'd be a huge political "sorry, we fucked you" kind of thing. It will also draw more viewers. 
Lin didn't write anything for Mary Poppins- the score is by Marc Shaiman, another Broadway composer and social-media maven.
>The trailer features Cooper in full country gravel voice as Maine — all  the music is original and was recorded live (were you at Coachella?),  and Gaga also performs original songs she wrote with Cooper and the  likes of Lukas Nelson, Jason Isbell and Mark Ronson.

Seems like they did write original songs.  
[Source](https://deadline.com/2018/06/a-star-is-born-trailer-bradley-cooper-lady-gaga-video-1202404708/)
For what it's worth, she did fine in American Horror Story.  This is a completely different kind of gig though.  I think worst case scenario she'll be ok.  
She was the second best part of American Horror Story during that season. 
So many!!!!
Might be beyond my paygrade to say, sorry.
It was the blood one, wasn't it? Me too.
I think those scaled down looks were just the theme of her Joanne era. 2 weeks ago she out in New York in some crazy [outfits ](https://imgur.com/gallery/BjjTgRv) 
Just looked up the 1976 wiki page on that movie and read this:

>Paul Mavis, reviewing Warner's 2006 disc release of A Star is Born for DVD Talk, wrote, "There is something of value in A Star is Born--one thing--and that's Kris Kristofferson's amazingly adept, heartfelt performance as the doomed rock star, self-destructing despite the love of an up-and-coming singer (Streisand). There's not a wrong note in his performance. Unfortunately, the remainder of A Star is Born is an unmitigated disaster that has the megalomaniac fingerprints of Barbra Streisand and **her hairdresser/producer boyfriend, Jon Peters, all over it.**"

Does the 1976 version end with a giant spider???
Well regardless of its artistic legacy, it made money at the box office so in that regard it works. People like the basic bones of the story is all I meant
I can't upvote you enough for this; what a shitty movie.
Fifth if you count *Glitter* starring Mariah Carey.
It’s not Spiderman, there’s been like generations between versions not a couple of years
Way better than I thought she'd be. Solid performance. The woman really knows how to be charismatic in front of a camera. Never really knew much about her prior to this, now she's got 1 more fan.
Not the person you're asking but if I was you I'd compare the scenes from the trailer to when she played the lead in American Horror Story Hotel. She seems a lot more convincing here.
Which version should I watch before this one? Or do you recommend all?
I have PTSD from Sam winning over Gaga for that boring as fuck song
That was a travesty. Giving the award to a terrible James Bond song rather than making a statement about supporting rape victims and also a much better song was such a questionable choice.
That shouldn't have even been picked as the Bond song, much less the Oscar winner. 
> Sam Smith for Writing's On The Wall

Fuckin lol. Who's willing to bet the Bond people paid off the Academy for that win. Because i refuse to believe that the voters chose this middle of the road Bond theme song over pretty much every other song that was nominated that year. 
Out in the club, sipping on some bub.
Meant 'unique' specifically applied to the context of "how would-be mainstream female pop stars market themselves." Her actual music wasn't *so* different than anything coming out at the time.

But the wacky outfits & make-up got her attention – and thus sales –that she probably wouldn't have gotten if she'd dressed the standard "hot young female pop star" way. There's thousands of people who are musically talented and attractive. But no one (in mainstream pop, anyways) was doing the weird, sort-of-ugly-on-purpose conceptual fashion stuff until Gaga did it. Maybe it didn't appeal to you, but as self-marketing you can't deny that it worked. 
She’s *the* superstar of my generation
Exactly!

I'm reading it in chunks because I don't want to get to the end.

Jack Warner (although VERY successful) was a crazy fucker.  I just finished reading the part about "WarnerScope" and all the BS he threw out there out of fear of CinemaScope, etc.
My love for it probably has a great deal of nostalgia in it :) It's an uneven affair, with bits of the movie in the songs that don't add much if you haven't seen it, but it also has one of Streisand's big hits (Evergreen) and some fun songs from KK. Hope you enjoy it!
But in between, I think he was doing pretty good for a 15-year-old with a wife and a baby.
Wrong kid died
“Awh fuck me I can see my large colon”
I *definitely* don't get this reference.
But the wrong kid died!
Dr. Said it was the worst case of being cut in half he'd ever seen.  It was pretty bad.
There’s only two types of people that know karate....the Chinese and the King! 
Only then did his father realize how easy it is to accidentally cut someone in half with a machete.
Dewey I'm cut in half pretty bad.
His stint in rehab was heartbreaking.He wanted to get better. 
Anyone that endures that type of mental trauma, if people are surprised they abuse substances they are really out of their mind.
What? Johnny Cash cut two people in half?
His father accidentally cuts himself in half...
You can take the children... But you leave me my monkey!
Aint nothing bad gonna happen to us today! 
I literally just watched this movie for the first time about two weeks ago. It was a pretty funny movie, but that soundtrack was fantastic! 

Dewey I'm cut in half pretty bad. 
wait what?
Oh man, you just made me lol. Plus anyone who hasn’t seen it and read this is now very close confused. THE WRONG BROTHER DIED!
Oh absolutely. I treat it more semi-fiction than a documentary for sure. But the music is great and as a story it works for me
I've always thought they could make a Walk the Line, Vol. 2 or something that focuses on his "down" times throughout the late 70s and 80s and then his rise again once he connected with Rick Rubin and had a resurgence in his career. 

I'd watch it. 
Dude is talented as hell, even though he was/is a pretty big star, surprised he didn't become even bigger.
Seriously. This story is now at 4 versions. Is there any other story with more movies?
and hes genuinely funny! 
It's cleaner.
Nah, needs a little something to make it his. Maybe an apostrophe?
WHEN KEEPIN IT REAL GOES WRONG
He's going to be rich biatch
I always thought he had potential but the niche he chose for himself limited his growth as an artist. 
Are you fucking serious? I never said Lady Gaga was dumb and untalented purely because she’s a pop star. I’m entitled to my opinion that I OPENLY ADMIT was wrong. Get off my lady nuts. Jesus.  

I didn’t downvote you. Christ almighty. 
I didn't realize it was rated R. That will definitely keep its numbers down.
That’s bad direction. 

Look at Punisher vs Luke Cage. 
give carly rae jepsen a sword. 
https://i.imgur.com/oWgpWYx.gif
I read this in Rocket Racoon’s voice. It was gold. Thanks!
Ever since I saw him in Robin Hood: Men In Tights, I just knew.
All this off of one line in one trailer.
Sure, but I still feel like it's possible he wrote some lyrics even if he wasn't the primary writer. Let's be real: the man wants an EGOT
Also fun fact, Marc Shaiman is the guy who helps Matt and Trey out with their South Park musical numbers/I think did some consulting on Book of Mormon also :) Marc Shaiman kicks ass :)
He didn't do the score but he did the songs.
Gaga just finished writing a song with perennial Oscar nominee Diane Warren. Unknown if it’s for this movie but I’d bet it is.
[deleted]
Fellow audio dude, what were the mics/consoles you guys tracked on? Also wondering what your favorite outboard gear is :)
Not sure if you can say, but are all the songs "live performances" in the film, or are any 4th wall breaking "musical" songs? The trailer seems like it's mostly the former.
Yep, where people actually thought she was dying on stage. Even in the video you can hear people gasp from the crowd. So chilling!
it ends with a Streisand concert.

at which she tries her hand at rock music.

it's one of the most viscerally embarrassing things i have ever experienced and i cannot recommend it highly enough.
oh, i got what you meant

i just wanted to take the opportunity to point out that that version in particular was legendarily awful -  
Streisand trying to do a full-tilt boogie is *intensely* embarrassing and for that alone is completely worth watching.
You should check out her documentary [Five foot Two](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxI1iOi0t-c) on Netflix. It gives you a pretty interesting behind the scenes perspective on what it takes to perform at the highest level in music. 
Awesome! Thanks. I'm very much looking forward to it.
She looks perfect for the role.
is her reaction to his death in the trailer ?
----------------------------

crying with flower in her hair @ 1:54 

breaking the glass @ 2:02 

screaming in the toilet @ 2:05 

crying in the red light corridor @ 2:06

To be fair, she isn’t playing a 130 year old heartbroken vampire in this movie. 
I'd watch them in order if I were you (there are actually 3 + this new one). If I were to rank them, I would say 1) 1954 (I'm a huge Judy Garland fan) 2) 1976 3) 1937. If you are really into Classic Hollywood, you'll probably love the 1937 one.
The runner-up for Best Original Song is almost always better than the actual winner because the winner usually just goes to the best known film. Sufjan Stevens losing to Coco this year was a fucking travesty.
[This](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2017/11/13/02/464A2DEC00000578-0-image-a-86_1510538568545.jpg) picture is so weird to look back on. It was taken at the Oscars the night she performed that song.
Till It Happens To You was for a very obscure film so I thought that had a lot to do with it.
I think The Fame is her most “generic”, but anything she’s released since then absolutely is unique from mainstream pop (except The Cure)
And no sense of smell. 
You're never gonna make it!
Jesus. I never realized that may be a River Phoenix reference until today. 
So you’re saying I’m less than a quarter of the boy Nate was?
Johnny Cash did see his brother die to Sawmill but what's messed up is they make it seem like that's his only brother he ever had.

Johnny Cash's was the fourth of seven children.

Another thing that pisses me off is it makes it seem like his relationship with his father was strained when it was not. 

According to his autobiography he'd go see his father every day if he could and was upset if he couldn't. Walk the Line is so inaccurate, that's why they make movies like that after the person dies.
I had a bad thought!
It's from Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story which is a take-off of Walk the Line.  
He's referencing a scene from Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story. A spoof bio-pic film that chronicles the life of a musician and is modeled after Walk the Line. 
Walk Hard.
Hilarious movie. Worth a watch. 
THANK YOU! i was like wtf are they talking about....
Yes! His painkiller addiction and kicking it, advocating for prison reform, becoming best buds with Ozzy Osbourne, the Rick Rubin revival would be some great things to include in a continuance of Walk The Line.
what are the other versions???
I DON'T LIKE PEOPLE PLAYING ON MY PHONE! 
Is Punisher not good? I was about to start it...
"Whats your name?"

"Achoo"

"Bless you"
EGOT+Pulitzer+McArthur grant. 

A McPEGOT?
he was unjustly blocked by La La Land, which i loved but didn’t think City of Stars was the best in the film (although i thought Song of the Ancestors was the best song from Moana)
I can't really comment on what is or isn't in the film, as that would be could let out information that doesn't want to be let out yet. Sorry. By the way, what's "Evergreen"?
I am part of the PostProduction crew, wasn't with the music department for their recording.

My favorite outboard gear is ProTools. I do all of my work in ProTools, with various plugins, mostly the ones that come with Pro Tools HD.
Location mixer used a Sound Devices 970 for dailies.
Live performances. We're not talking playback with lip-syncing, what's in the film is Bradley and Stephanie performing and singing.
What are the problems with it? Wikipedia just makes it sound like a regular mediocre remake. 
I actually watched that as I was working on ASIB. Funny things is, her house is where we shot the original screen test for her. So that house kinda brought the film full circle for me.
I really hope you enjoy it. Please go in with a fresh set of ears, it's FUCKING LOUD!!!! Please ask the theater manager to make sure "the fader is set to 7", that's the level we mixed the film at.
She totally knew the rumors about Harvey.
THAT picture says a MILLION words.
omg
I think I wanna try somma dat cuckaine
WHAT ABOUT MY DREAMS DEWEY?
And you never paid for drugs!  Not once!
“Beatles! Please stop fighting here in India!”
You don't want no part of this shit!
Do you not have google?
I’m thinking he’s slighting Luke Cage here, not Punisher
Punisher is up there with Daredevil season 1, it's great all the way through. 
No. No, no, no. Punisher is fucking amazing. Its Luke Cage that sucks ass. 

Hey nonny nonny and a ho ho ho!
Hey Blinkin
Sounds like shorthand for the new Pigeon McNugget.
sounds delicious
I agree. The choices are strange because I'd take We Know The Way as the best of either movie and then A Lovely Night 2. Don't really know where City of Stars would rank but... it's low
It was the song from the Kristofferson/Streisand 'A Star is Born'. Beautiful and heartbraking.
Please do an AMA next week after the movie comes out
streisand are the problems with it.  

her ego overpowers almost every scene.  it is a movie about *her* and how amazing she is and how she is a wonderful pure perfect extraordinary ingenue songstress extraordinaire AND YOU WILL BELIEVE 

kris kristofferson is legitimately incredible in that movie - his performance is nuanced and heartfelt and beautiful.

and streisand is like a sledgehammer to the face, over and over and over.   
it's the sort of performance you'd expect the producer to take the director aside over, except that *she is the producer.*  

this is not even just streisand hate because she's something of a loathsome shit - i thought she was just fine in Yentl - the movie is a breathtaking trainwreck entirely because streisand's ego is splashed all over every single frame.

and, and i cannot stress this enough, it culminates with streisand doing a rock concert and holy fuck it is *intensely embarrassing* to watch.  

i recommend it *highly*.

Bonus achievement unlocked!
Projection manager here: if that’s what the studio wants, they’ll send instructions along with the hard drive.

No way would I change the sound levels BEFORE a movie even starts because one customer asked for it. If it’s too loud or too low and someone comes out to complain, that’s a different story.
Would you?
Everyone did.
You don't want no part of this shit Dewey! 
I told you I can't build your candy house! It will fall apart, the sun will melt the candy, it won't work!
"Hehe, I wrote a song about an octopus' garden."
i didn't even know it was a remake... get off your high horse.
haha tbh I liked Luke Cage for the most part, you've given me high expectations for Punisher!
Ok yes the last act shitted on the previous episodes but it was honestly such a pleasant surprise that it was worth cruising through those last episodes. 

And yet Luke Cage's last episodes were still better and less cheesy to me than DC's best, and it's a damn Netflix show. 
Yummyb
i thought the audition song was the best of La La Land, We Know the Way is a great choice from Moana though!

all i know is i wanted Lin to EGOT and he would have done it faster than anyone else in history and i’m a little annoyed that Pasek & Paul will likely do it before Miranda.
Sure, I'd love to.
Oh I've heard plenty of the films I've worked on get played @ 5.5 or 5 ... YUKKKKKKK
Oh yeah, I'll be up that theater manager's butt!!! My preference will be to see in ATMOS, 64 speakers of magic.
It turns all your bad feelings into good feelings.
I'm not on a high horse. Clearly there are other versions since I informed you that there were. But instead of seeing that and looking for yourself, you asked a question that would take 60 seconds to answer on your own. This is the problem with your generation. You want answers given to you instead of spending an extra couple of seconds learning it on your own. 

You grew up with the internet, I did not. Yet I seem to have a better grasp on how to use it.
So you know where Luke Cage gets shitty? We all know when [Spoiler](#s Cottonmouth dies and the show hits the fan.)

Punisher isn’t like that. It’s pure gold baby. Its anti-Ironfist. 
Agreed. Also John Legend just needs to win an Emmy for Jesus Christ Superstar to finish his off (ditto Andrew Lloyd Weber and Tim Rice)
you should definitely send a message to the mods. idk how that works out.
You’re right, it’s usually set at 5 as a baseline. 7 would be noticeably loud..

Not saying your suggestion was bad, I can just see managers confused that so many customers are requesting a volume change out of nowhere.
Okay. Only asking because I got shamed for asking for the closed caption device because I’m deaf and it sucked. :,(
so since you're clearly grouping me into a generation based off how i look (btw i'm a lot older than i look, the pink hair doesn't help me) i'll assume you're the generation that fucked it all up for the rest of us because you're clearly an ass.... r/WorstGeneration ;) 
someone said there are FOUR versions...I'm finding only the Barbara Streisand version when I use google.  Maybe you should have directed me to IMDB....
Am I incorrect, I thought 7 was referenced to 85db playback level?
WHAT?? That's horrible!!!! Don't worry, you'll FEEEL every beat, we're rocking those subs something FIERCE!!!!
