A lot of changes from the book but largely fine with that, just hoping the stuff that isn't in the trailer is just this being a good trailer and stuff is just being held back as a surprise in the film
YES Hold tight my man Benedict Wong pulling up in another Sci-Fi relatively obscure supporting role.

Wong is *EVERYWHERE!*
I thought it was a scifi but now it's manbearpig
I really loved the ambiguity of the first trailer and I think because of all the issues behind the scenes with the release distribution they had to make this trailer. I still can't wait to see it but I feel like it's pandering to a different audience now.
Gonna hold off on this trailer. The first one sold me with how little it seemed to give away.
Weird trailer. Sort of made it come across as a sci-fi horror flick which is not the vibe I got from the original trailer.

I love sci-fi, but I've lost some of my enthusiasm for that. I was hoping for something a little more akin to Ex Machina and not another action-thriller.
Such a shift in tone from the first teaser, that I’m not sure I like. Still think it will be good. 
Looks interesting. Though "From the writer and director of Ex Machina" is pretty much all I needed to see.
Natalie Portman firing a machine gun. I'll take it. 
that wave-shaping synth riff though!!
SCP-682 confirmed 
[deleted]
The relationship between Portman and Isaac seems waaay different than the books.
This looks great. I actually like the changes from the book we are seeing. The book is so sparse in what it tells you, which is a strength for the book, but wouldn't quite work in a film. I am extremely stoked for this.
*Too intellectual* for me.
Wow, deviating quite heavily from the books. I have hope for it because I loved Ex Machina, but it certainly isn't what I was expecting. 
[deleted]
Feels like a spiritual adaptation of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.
Never read the book series, but judging from reading a synopsis of the first book, the trailer does seem like it's catering towards a different audience. Nevertheless, I am still pumped for this movie. I like sci-fi, and I like horror, and if this is a sci-fi/horror movie then so be it. 
I read the book, and actually the entire trilogy, and grew increasingly dissatisfied with each book. Ultimately I felt like there was little to no payoff, and the writing frustrated me. This trailer doesn't fill me with confidence, but a really talented director and two wonderful actors are leading this film, so here's to hoping it truly succeeds and captures my imagination in a way the books ultimately didn't!
It might look like a tunnel, but really, it's a tower. 

Edit: wrong subterranean terminology 
Rodents of unusual size?  I don't think they exist.
Manbearpig

Oscar Isaac should be in everything.
Wait... is that Poe Dameron and Padme Amidalla?
Did I just see the Crawler? Damn, they really did just show everything.
is there any reason for a full woman expedition? i missed something or ? 
I think Ex Machina was one of the best scifi films of the decade.  So i'm really looking forward to this
I’m not familiar with the book but I feel this trailer showed way too much 
As a book reader, this trailer is misleading. It makes it seem like a straightforward sci-fi horror film. If you go into this movie expecting a satisfying ending, you are gonna be very dissappointed.
They showed way too much in this trailer. Without spoiling the story: visually there are almost no more surprises if you've seen this. Storywise there obviously is still a lot left unshown but the creepy subtlety of the book seems to be gone.

[I think making the moaning creature this cliche horror movie monster stalking the women is not a good idea (I hope I'm wrong). I also thought the design was too animal-like and not the deformed weird abomination i pictured when reading the book. The crawler looks fantastic though.](#spoiler)

I might misinterpret some shots though.
Cheeki breeki
Oh my, this looks terrible
Alex Garland, Natalie Portman and Oscar Isaac. I'm in. 
shit gets weird in the feywild 
Got excited for a Mortal Kombat reboot trailer for a sec :(
Knowing nothing about this trailer I am left thoroughly confused 
I have a feeling this is just going to be one of those movies where weird shit happens and never gets resolved, and when I moan about it, people here will tell me I missed the point and that it's actually about the journey.

It feels like Lost: The Movie
Man, it's such bullshit that I won't be able to see this movie in a theater because of that stupid Netflix deal. I hope that you bomb all the way through 2018 with your blockbusters, Paramount.
Typical Hollywood trailer strikes again
Damn. As a huge fan of the Southern Reach novels (even Acceptance), Alex Garland as a writer, and Deus Ex Machina - I have to say that does not look good at all. How did they make something so weird and surreal look so generic?

I really hope that isn't a true reflection of the film because it looks terrible. The book was a sci-fi, Lovecraftian, Lynchian nightmare, not Species 5.
Well this is tanking what hope I had of this film doing the books any justice.

* "The Shimmer" just sounds like a cheap b-film prop or recycled YA idea.

* the Biologist's character and plotline has been completely butchered if they're making her all emotional and turning it into "save the husband". Practically the exact opposite of the books. I'm guessing this is to make her more "likeable"? This is why we can't have nice things. And she knows way too much about Area X going into it, the fact that she can hardly figure out what the fuck is going on at all is a huge point.

* Showing [the Moaning Creature and the Crawler](#spoiler) is just dumb but beyond that I'm not digging the realisations of them and this isn't (or at least it *the books* aren't) a creature flick. The scary things that go bump in the night aren't the focus, they're symptoms, and largely background noise. It's part of what makes them so scary in the first place. It's meant to be mysterious psychological horror, not a schlocky blockbuster.
I'm probably more excited about this than Avengers. Weird, trippy, artsy Sci-fi! 
looks spoopy
When they were walking in to the “shimmer” they look like they’re the more badass version of Melissa McCarthy’s Ghostbusters. 
Can anyone tell me who's doing the score for this? Can't seem to find it on IMDB.
They either really changed the tone/plot from the book or the trailer is not reflecting the movie. Either way people will be disappointed.  I will see it since I really liked the first book in the trilogy. However between this and some behind the scenes stuff that has come out it does not look promising. I 
The same guy who did Ex Machina did this?  I don’t need to watch the trailer.  I’m in.
Saw this trailer a couple hours ago, stopped it half way through and read the book. 10/10 experience
Not a great trailer, but still looks promising. I think this is one of those cases where the movie will be better than the marketing. 
Seems a lot more action-heavy and much less weird than the book and I'm perfectly fine with that because I don't like Southern Reach trilogy at all. I hope there won't be "and then my husband was a dolphin" moment. 
Ex Machina.  Portman and Issac.  Sign me up.  Just hope its half as good as Ex Machina.
"It's not destroying, it's making something new." Cut to movie title ANNIHILATION


Watchin .... looks interesting ... "By the writer and director of Ex-Machina" .. THats gotta be good .... "based on the acclaimed novel".. Ups stops watching. We gotta read the book.
Despite the apparently generic appearance of the trailer, Vandermeer himself had this to say about the movie. Back in May, admittedly, but 
Slashfilm reports that the director was [able to maintain his vision despite pressure to pander to a more lowbrow audience](http://www.slashfilm.com/annihilation-director/). 

> “It’s actually more surreal than the novel. There are a couple places where I was like, ‘I might need an anchor here.’ The ending is so mind-blowing and in some ways different from the book that it seems to be the kind of ending that, like 2001 or something like that, people will be talking about around the watercooler for years… Visually, it’s amazing. I must say that and that’s all I probably should say.” -[Vandermeer, Collider](http://collider.com/annihilation-movie-jeff-vandermeer/)
> 
Can't wait to see this.

If you haven't read the books then go immediately and find them.


This is an odd one. The trailer is so intriguing but there something about it that tells me this movie will just disappoint. 
I think I just saw the movie...
At first I was like "Whoa, It's Natalie Portman!", then I was like "Whoa, it's a rehash of The Astronaut's Wife", but then I was like "Whoa whoa, it's Jurassic World with them crossbred animals!", but THEN...I was like "I don't know what this is like, anymore".

Seems good, though!
I really regret watching that

[deleted]
Is the movie a mess or is the trailer just fucking bad?

Every time I look at a trailer, I'm appaled by how bad they are mad. Just give it an award at the Oscars and perhaps people will stop creating shit trailers.
I wonder why they added the 5th person to the expedition. I’m assuming its the Linguist (in the book, the Linguist was supposed to go on the expedition but didn’t at the last minute), but I can’t figure out why they would hide her in the first trailer. I guess she dies very early?
Looks a bit rubbish
I hope the trailer is very misleading because this isn't looking so good.  
This is heavily taking creative liberties from the source material and not for the better in my opinion.  
The biologist's motivation and drive is completely askew with it being about saving her husband while in the (first) book [having him already dead, or at least the shell/clone version of him, when she is in Area X it is for her own reasons with the feeling as if she naturally belongs there. She is even described as an emotionally cold and distant person, never really having that much attachment to anything besides biology, although she loved her husband in some way or another, so making it about saving a loved one completely changes her core-personality which is odd](#spoiler). 

&nbsp;

The creature/antagonist, [which I assume is the Moaning Beast from the swamp area in the book](#spoiler), has way too much emphasis in this movie. Its core concept is now that of a horror creature plot-device to create the pressure of a constant danger instead of in the book [it is just a facet of how Area X is changing the immediate environment and the inhabitants of said environment](#spoiler).  
  
Again, yes, the book has this feeling of constant danger but the movie has it for the wrong reasons: the movie is about a killer on the loose while the book is all about the possibilty of danger in the mystery and uncertainty that is Area X combined with our/the research team's ignorance when dealing with things beyond our understanding.  
But now the movie overall seems to be one big spook-fest of "when is the killer gonna show up to hack and slash?".  

The book is all about suspense and drawn-out mystery, the constant sense of dread and wonder of what's around the corner but never facing anything directly. I thought the movie would follow the progression of the book more instead of giving the creature more screen time and make it a more prominent antagonist.  
It even only has a background role in the book for crying out loud.  

The first trailer looked great containing the mystery and suspense of the unknown but this seems like a generic horror with a predatory antagonist that has a sci-fi twist. I really hope this is just an attempt of mashing something together to appeal to a wider, common audience than a representation of the actual, finished product.  
Nevertheless I can't wait to see it.
How is this tiny woman hip-firing a damn AR so casually. She's just a bloody biologist who was in the army as well. They're going in like they're the recon team with trained soldiers.

Just checked, they're all scientists of a field. What?! 
Finally, the mortal kombat remake I've been waiting for
Without throwing any spoilers out there, I have to say I found this series of books to be incredibly dull, and while it's certainly very unusual a premise, you have to realize that the stories have no beginning, no end, no explanation, and offer no closure of any sorts.
For anyone unhappy with the new trailer, if you’ve read the books you’ll understand that this type of book is CLASSICALLY untranslatable into film. It literally could not be done. 90% of the books are the characters internal struggles and being up their own asses with a ton of prose and (kind of ridiculous at times) metaphors. I’m not saying the movie is going to be good or bad but not all books translate well into film. 

They have to make it palatable to wider audiences and, even for me (a voracious, open-minded reader), the books have a very off-putting, loping method of storytelling that, tbh, isn’t always a real page turner. The books are good but I wouldn’t really want to watch a movie that translated them directly. 
Absolutely hated the books. Was super let down by them. This looks like it has actual plot in it.
I'd say if you already plan on watching the movie, avoid this trailer.
this looks like a dull man's Stalker 
Oh fuck. They made it an action/horror flick.

Thought this was going to be one of those 'pro-women' film that sneak it in underneath for no reason other than to have main characters women.

Apparently it's a randomized pairing of different professions & sexes etc. by the people in charge, for some reason.
Looks shitty. 
I mean it's just sexy young scientists (all female) shooting monsters with machine guns. I'm surprised the guy who made Ex Machina followed it with this. 
The special effects in this look incredible.
Very excited for this. 
Awesome! I wasn't expecting a new trailer!
I barely started in on the book (after they went in the tower the first time) and am very confused. 
Just finished the book trilogy, and I'm interested to see how it translates to film. I wonder if they'll stick to the first book only or (the more likely scenario) they go with the story that's told over all 3. Got my fingers crossed for something interesting and weird and not just a bunch of jump scares and unnecessary drama.
I wanna see that zombie bear fight the one from Game of Thrones.
I'm getting a heavy Ripley in Aliens vibe. Not a bad thing!
I have no idea what’s going on, but I just love me some Natalie Portman. 
Reminds me of the Zone in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series. 
Looks really interesting. 
Makes me want a Speaker for the Dead movie where they meet little pig people!
Holy crap it's Alex Yu from Talos 1! The typhon are coming..
Saw a screening of this a couple months ago and really enjoyed it. Not sure why they're waiting so long to release it because when I saw it it was nearly done.
People who have read the book. Is there some excuse slash reason natalie portmans team is all women, or do they just let it be cause that'd be awesome
The trailer seems interesting but what I'd like to comment on is the casting.  The Director and the Biologist are exactly how I pictured them.  Great casting choices on both.
#illuminati
Is this a movie about how aliens turn our planet into the world of Pokemon?
This movie looks like it's going to be very confusing.
I’ve been thinking about getting the book, was it worth it?
I saw the title and thought it was a Marvel movie. Maybe someday. 
Where's Scorpion and Sub Zero?
Anyone know what the chord progression is on that horn sound? I really like it.
That looked awesome! Shame it was only 2:25 seconds long :(
vroom,vrom,vrom,vroom,vrom.
queue game franchise in 3..2..1
I’ll watch anything with Natalie Portman.  Even Star Wars episode 3
Doesn't the whole story in the trilogy end in complete ambiguity?

Meaning you never actually learn what half the stuff is. 
She hasn't had a hit since bitching about Thor...
The soundtrack, judging from the trailer, seems like it’s gonna be REALLY cool and interesting. The composers are the same guys from Ex Machina.
This looks so much better than the book.
Has anyone in a movie ever heard of a hazmat suit.
You have no idea how happy I am that this is going to be nothing like the book. A tree lost its life in vain with the publication of that book.
Looks good, but it seems like maybe the trailer gave to much away? Hoping I'm wrong. 
only going bc of moviepass.
Is it me or did it seem like there were a lot of “stranger things” adaptations?
This film should be a study on how stealing from other films and exasperating trying to make an unoriginal idea create something new by copying as much as possible. Wow, this was so fucking bad. The chemistry between characters doesn't even exist. I want my money back for watching a free trailer.

Natalie Portman: Overactor.
Soooo "The Thing," but new. 
Anyone got sources/recommendations for music like that? The distorted orchestral type. 
This looks great! 
The book doesnt lens itself to being filmed. How are they going to film chapter after chapter of Portman walking down stairs in the Tower in the dark? 
So they are calling it The Shimmer instead of Area X?
That can’t be from the book that I read. It looks like there’s stuff that actually happens in the movie.
Personally, didn’t like the books. Movie trailer looks like it’s pulling the elements of the books to appease the moviegoers versus the readers who enjoyed it. 
Oh they made a book about this movie?
In the book, is the team (Portman's team) entirely female?
I read the whole book cover to cover and I don't have any idea what the fuck happened in it. So confused.
Benedict Wong was great as Wong in Doctor Strange.
The Wongiverse
He also hosted Street Countdown!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enAmIqWKsKE

Barely made the connection since he shaved his head and put on weight since, but the voice is unmistakeable. 
Why is that something to be excited about?
I really dig Benedict Wong, hope he’s in this a fair bit. 
Just so you know, this isn't just a story about a monster killing people. It might look that way because of how this trailer is edited but there is so much more to it.
I mean, the movie will be the same no matter what so it doesn't really matter who the trailers pander to. I'd actually argue that trailers should be more about convincing someone who wasn't going to see the movie to go to the theater than setting the mood for those who are already familiar with the story.
You know what the most impressive thing about the first trailer was? The alligator. I studied gators for years and that prop is indistinguishable from a real animal (except that it has no pterygoid muscles bulging out from behind his head). The level of detail and accuracy is far beyond anything Ive seen before. Im tempted to think it was a real animal that was scanned, altered slightly, then printed in exquisite detail. And it wasnt just an oversize version of a real animal, it was an *accurate extrapolation* of what the skull morphology would look like in an individual that size (it changes as they grow). Thats someones Mona Lisa.
Just watched it. [Way better trailer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufaDurSCKOk)
Honestly everything now looks completely different from the book:

1. She isn't in a loving, expressive relationship with her husband, its one of the major themes in her mind.

2. She knows exactly where he is going before he leaves.

3. "The Shimmer" jesus christ.

4. I'm pretty sure in the entirety of the book she shot a gun maybe once.

5. What's with this crocodile and creature chasing them.

6. "It's growing" yeah lets just give away one of the major plot point right away.

7. "It's in a constant state of mutation" One of the whole points of the book is that she never really has any idea what the fuck is going on.

It's like some executive read the clif notes version of the book, and then removed half of the clif notes to make it more cliche and appealing to the general audience.
You mean trying to appeal to a mainstream audience so it can profit? Nothing wrong with that at all. studios make movies to make money, not appeal to a small niche crowd.
This. Intrigued by it but now that they showed all these creatures, it does feel like pandering. Had my curiosity, not much with my attention.
I mean, they still have to sell the movie, so I get it. But other than a couple of things it honestly feels like a pretty apt representation of the book. The only thing that's off is the relationship between Portman's character and her husband, but that was always the weirdest and most stilted part of the trilogy so I get why they would change that. Otherwise, the first novel is pretty much a horror story so it doesn't feel too off.
Not that it's pandering to a different audience, it's just trailers have to show more appealing stuff to grab attention. 
Yeah indeed. I'm definitely interested in the movie, but this trailer was garbage. It had all the clichés. 
Not pandering. Marketing. 
Good idea. The tone of this trailer is not at all what the story is actually like and it shows too much imo.
I suggest not viewing, I regret it now. I have read the books so i know how it ends, but I suppose I want to be surprised by this telling.
Man, I wish I had your resolve.  Watching this has really bummed me out.
Yeah, if you liked the first trailer, don't watch this one, it may make you not want to watch the movie.
Do it! This trailer spoils a lot.
Yeah the book is heavier on mystery and subtle psychological horror while this trailer seems to present the story in a very generic sci-fi/action-horror movie light.

It will be dissapointing if the movie leans more that way as well.
Remember this was assembled by some trailer company, not the actual director....like most trailers. This probably doesn't set the same tone as the actual film which will probably be more somber. 
Hopefully it's just edited to grab a larger audience. I agree, really hoping this plays off the book more and we don't end up with a movie akin to the Alien sequel :/
Ive seen a cut and it is definitely sci-fi horror with a lot of that existential drama that made Ex-Machina so good.

This is a great film.
Hopefully just a more action packed trailer designed to pull in a wider audience
The trailer might just be pushing the horror angle to sell tickets. Its pretty well know horror movies sell more than sci fy exploration mysteries.
Trailer is misleading. It’s not an action movie literally at all. Has some horror and thrilling scenes. But definitely more like Ex Machina than anything else
[deleted]
I mean..she was trained to shoot when she was a little girl..only makes sense that shes firing machine guns now.
**ITS AN ASSAULT RIFLE**
We have to get to that hanger!
I really dug the music in this trailer.
Entire broken masquerade scenario right there. 

“Can you describe its form?”

“No”

Well thats 055. 
Kind of how I felt too.  The first one really piqued my interest, but this trailer i found myself itching to jump ahead and see if something interesting happens.  Really a misstep by marketing for this one.
They will, I'm 90% sure its shown right at the end of the trailer when all the quick cuts happen.
Easier to explain in a short amount of time I guess. Most people may not understand wanting to understand what happened to someone if you don't really care a lot about them.
Probably to make it more relatable. The biologist, specifically, wasn’t the ideal picture perfect partner due to her personality, so my guess is they made it more romantic to give her more of a reason to go into Area X. What i find most upsetting is that when he shows up again he’s (seemingly) immediately brought in to the Southern Reach and is dying. 
As I understand it, another influence for this movie besides the book is the movie Stalker, which while atmospheric and interesting pulled so many punches that it is virtually impossible to sit through.  
I've already seen Alien. 
I kind of wish they combined the first two books. The movie would be split between Control's perspective present day in Authority, and Annhilation would be told reflexively through flashback as he interviews The Biologist (with the audience clearly getting all the information he doesn't). I'm wondering if Benedict Wong is Control; he is currently credited as "Scientist". Perhaps Whitby?
It's not just based on the book, it's also based on Stalker, a 1979 sort of psychedelic sci-fi movie.  I'm hoping that this trailer is misleading, and it's more atmospheric, like both these pieces of source material...

Although I have less evidence in this trailer that it's a movie about people turning into trees.
Lol I'm glad I'm not the only one who found that hilarious
In physics, annihilation specifically means:

"the conversion of matter into energy, especially the mutual conversion of a particle and an antiparticle into electromagnetic radiation."

If animals and plants are altered in weird ways, I guess the title is more of a play on that definition.
If you read the book you will understand the significance of the word ‘Annihilation.’
The books definitely felt like an American version of Roadside Picnic, which STALKER is based on. 
I generally enjoyed the trilogy, but it was more about exploring ideas than telling a standard story. It was weird and even though the story meandered, it still sucked me in.

I did have big problems with it        
- Book 2 was pretty poor, more dull flashbacks than real time events, nothing really happened until the last couple of chapters      
- No real answers by the end, not even a little bit. That David Lynch style of conclusion doesn't really work for ending a book. Why did Control turn into a fucking rabbit? What was the deal with the lighthouse mirror? Was Saul trapped in the tower or was he there of his own free will? What the fuck was the biologist by the end? *Why* did Area X happen? *How* did Area X happen?

I liked the books, but I couldn't tell you exactly what the hell went on in them.
Have an upvote.  I read the first book and stopped.  It’s not very good. 
Why do books like that get movies? The fuck
Same here. The premise was interesting and the writing style felt fresh, effort expended on keeping the track of the events being rewarded with... Fucking nothing. No plot, no conclusion, “what happened, what is happening, what will happen? Nobody knows! Wooooo, soooo mysteriouuuuus!”. Fuck you! I slogged through your trite because you showed me an enigma and people trying to solve it! And now you just do jack shit with that enigma and that's it? Fuuuuuck youuuuuu.
Who are the 2? Natalie being first most likely. Can't be Tessa because from the limited bigger roles she's been in, it has been bad.
> It might look like a ~~cave~~, but really, it's a tower.<

It might look like a tunnel, but really, it's a tower. FTFY
Wait, where was the crawler?
Will be explained in the movie.
I highly recommend the book series, but basically (from what I remember) the people in charge chose random groupings to see what would "work" in Area X. Different professions, sexes, size of the groups, etc. So this particular group happened to be all women of various professions. Don't want to give anything away, but does that help?
I highly recommend not reading the books. They are just author jacking off to how cool he is for writing difficult to follow text. For 3 straight books.

The main plot is left unresolved. If you want a satisfying conclusion - there is none. The characters are also unlikable.
You can read the book. Been out for years
You're right but if you haven't read the book, you probably won't be able to figure out what exactly you're seeing. They still shouldn't have shown that much of the mystery stuff.
This is one of those trailers that reveals the basic premise of the first two acts, then sprinkles in some action from the third. 

I'm expecting the group of soldiers that didn't get named are cannon fodder. I'm also expecting some type of betrayal style twist. I'm hoping for a more in depth description of the orb thing changing everything as well. 
Don't worry, it didn't. This trailer makes it look like that creature is what the story is about. It actually has almost nothing to do with the story. It's just how they are marketing it. 
Yea, how bad the movie will be.
Yeah the creature was supposed to have a [human facial appearance based on the molting she found in the reeds during the attack scene in the book.  Assuming this wolf like beast creature is the same thing](#spoiler).  Overall I think the movie looks to deviate from the book a lot.
Edit: on desktop now. Figured out spoilers.



I’m a little disappointed by this, also by how much takes place in the Southern Reach Agency. [Is the blonde lady she’s talking to the director? Are they already ruining that twist in the trailer? Also, are they doing camcorders instead of journals? I guess it makes more visual sense, but it’s way less intimate.](#spoiler)
I thought the moaning creature WAS the crawler just outside and she could not see it yet
Eh whit? 

What's happened with distribution ?
Pretty much how I'd sum up this trailer. Well said.
I liked the book but I actually think forcing things into a somewhat more digestible framework could work to it's benefit.

I have no clue how you'd do the 2nd book as a satisfying movie though.
I'm halfway through the first one. I like it a lot.
they explain it in the book

Basically there have been a ton of expeditions into Area X (the crazy place) and none of them have been successful, so the government has been trying a bunch of different variables so they have a chance of a successful mission. Many missions have been coed, her husband’s mission was all male, and none of those worked, so this time the mission is all female. 
I had this same question and my guess is an extra body to die to raise the stakes. I think you are right on the money
They barely show any of the characters other than the biologist and psychologist.
I hate to break it to you buddy, but this is a fictional movie.  
You know reading the book will really clear these things up

Just kidding
Oh it gets a lot more confusing friend. 
The reason only came down to that with each expedition they tried different variables so they decided to try an all-female one.
I thought the trilogy was great. Atmospheric and like a fever dream sometimes, especially the first book: Annihilation, which is what this film is basing most of its adaption on. The trilogy is pretty polarizing though.

The first book is pretty different in style from the two books that follow it. In Annihilation you're pretty much reading the diary of someone that experienced going into it, and the next two books are the aftermath of that. Some people can't even get through the first book because it's pretty out there and manic and wordy at times. The other books, Authority and Acceptance, are a lot more structured and aren't as weird/bizarre (they have their really creepy and weird moments though) as the narration in the first book. 

So, you get people that can't get through the first book and hate it and then you've got people that loved the first book but hate the more standard narration/plot of the other two books and end up hating it. I took 'em all for what they were and enjoyed it for the most part.

If all that doesn't bother you it's worth picking up and trying the first book at least.


To be fair, the books came out 2 years before Stranger Things.
If it is anything like the book, no.
Yeah it's why I'm fine with it. A straight book to film translation wouldn't really work, there's too much going on internally with The Biologist. The stuff with the Tower and the words will be in it I just think the trailer has been quite clever and made it look like The Moaning Creature (not huge on its design though tbh) is the big bad of the film only to switcheroo it later on in the actual film with all the weird a fuck stuff the book readers know
*tunnel
They will probably cut it. Same thing with a pretty significant part of the second Maze Runner movie, there is a scene towards the beginning where the whole group walks down a dark tunnel for like two days, and people died, a lot of significant dialogue, and just cut! Because it wouldn't translate to film.
you mean the tunnel in the dark? ;)
Or the 2nd book of the director thinking to himself.
I think the shimmer is the brightness, maybe.
I will never be able to comprehend the reasoning behind this criticism of the book. It goes beyond a mere "difference of opinion" and becomes "did this person read a different book with the same title"?
> Movie trailer looks like it’s pulling the elements of the books to appease the moviegoers versus the readers who enjoyed it.

Smart move considering the medium and audience...
The trailer is definitely a misrepresentation of what the movie is going for and it unfortunately spoils a lot of important scenes
Me neither and I know Garland is barely following them which leads me to believe it might actually be good.
Yup! 
Sunshine, Moon, Prometheus, Black Mirror, The Martian, Phillip K Dicks Electric Dreams, Doctor Strange, this and back in next years Avengers: Infinity War

Wong is the Sci-Fi master!
Nothing Wong with the casting 
He was the best part of Marco Polo as Kublai Khan.
2nd best benedict in that movie
I don't remember that manbearpig monster in the book. [I do remember the boar attack early on and obviously the crawler, but that clearly wasn't either of those. I could just be forgetting something?](#spoiler)
It's half horror movie, half sci fci, and half misunderstood monster drama. I can't wait.
Well there was that article with the producer saying he thought the movie was too intellectual and wanted to change some things. I don’t know if it is the same movie anymore.
Well, you say that, but lying to your potential audience is a great way to get people to hate the film.  I'm still pissed at The Grey because I bought a ticket to "Liam Neeson:  Wolf Puncher" and got "Liam Neeson: Nature Hike Guide"
Having a interesting, ambiguous trailer and appealing to mainstream are not mutually exclusive. You can have both and I feel like this trailer feels like it has to try and make the film look like it's something it is not. 
Problem is people get upset at this. I agree with you but look at the backlash mother! got. Drive was even sued for false advertising. 
I disagree. Lots of people were pissed off because the mother! Trailers were cut to make it look like a horror movie, and were pandering to the horror crowd who were dissapointed when realizing what they were watching is not a horror movie at all. Pandering by manipulation is not good.
I hope whoever worked on it sees this
I had forgotten what that trailer was exactly like, and it really is much better. Restored my anticipation for this movie
I regret watching the full trailer. The teaser was so much better and felt like it was taking the best elements of the novel. The new trailer places it far off the mark now. 
1+2) A bit disappointed with these change too, but not the end of the world.

3) Yeah..."The Border" sounds way cooler.

4) Doesn't really bother me, they're clearly throwing in a lot more action than the book has, which is fine.

5) I think the crocodile is just them showing an example of the weird hybridized fauna that exists in Area X, like the dolphin with the human eye from the book.

6) I don't think that's a "major" plot point at all really. 

7) Audiences like some explanations, which the book has almost none of. 

I'm okay with a movie that captures the *feel* of the book, I wouldn't really want to watch a film that stuck close to this particular source material. I'm not getting my hopes up, but I didn't really take issue with most of the changes seen in this trailer.
No offense. I wish I didn't read your comment. I'm still hyped for this movie, although I enjoyed this trailer less than the first one, but much of the stuff you mentioned didn't stand out to me as big deals because I haven't read the book. 
I wish they kept the husband coming back from X and acting all weird then finally picked up. Rather him coming back already in a coma.
I’ve seen the movie already it’s extremely different from the book. If you have any questions let me know.
Whatever you say Mon seigneur Candy
Seems they haven't changed anything about the movie itself. Hopes should be the same. 
With the focus on all the creatures attacking it looks more like a fairly normal horror show than a deep mystery which the book is. 
There is literally no difference between those two things. You just worded them differently.
does feel like maybe they stitched these scenes to make it seem more exciting that it is to draw in bigger cinema crowds. 
The [author](https://www.theverge.com/2017/10/3/16387840/annihilation-jeff-vandermeer-hummingbird-salamander-borne-science-fiction-climate-change):

>  In a context where as the writer of the book, I don’t have any control over any aspect of the movie! On one level, I’m thankful it means more people will read the novels, which are very personal to me. I don’t think there’s as much of an emphasis on environmental themes in the movie, but at the same time, because a percentage of royalties from Annihilation book sales go toward environmental causes, the movie still helps that cause.

> I appreciate Garland’s aptness for the visionary and gritty. It is truly an intense and epic film that will leave filmgoers feeling drained by the end, while at the same time readers of the novels have to think of the movie as an alt-Area X, alt-Southern Reach experience. I can’t deny I mourn some of those changes on a very deep level.
Remember one of the trailers for Villeneuve's 'Arrival' was leaning heavily on sci-fi action but ended up being a stellar film for its depth. I imagine they had to make a trailer like this to catch the attention of the masses, which the first trailer wouldn't have done necessarily. 

I think we should definitely remain optimistic with this one for the director.
This is pretty much the exact same thing that happened with Blade Runner 2049. They focus on the action and spectacle to try and hook the general audience. I'm sure the movie will be fine and more like what you want.
One of the producers did an interview last week saying that it is a slow-burn movie that he doesn't think will appeal to most people, much in the same way Blade Runner 2049 did(n't).
Fair enough but what are your reasons?
I agree. It was quite good, but not REALLY good. Definitely not how Reddit like's to put it on a pedestal.
"Can we try with real bullets now?"
That's a throwback! I had The Professional on laser disc 
The better you are, the closer you can get to your target tho
When the fuck is that sequel happening?
We'll, they picked him up at her place in the book after she was sure there was something wrong with him. That might still be in the movie. 
Why is that upsetting? 
This is cause the trailer is just showing you random scenes. He shows up randomly at their house and soon after the reach gets him. Also Natalie was having an affair while he was MIA so it’s far from a happy relationship in this film.
I had that same thought and question 
Annhilation was optioned before Authority came out, let alone Acceptance. Wong probably isn't playing anyone in the books.
Seems like benedict is control as he is interviewing her in alone in a room with everyone watching. And I believe he was the first person to interview her, correct?
it feels odd you know

it seems a lot like what you said, an american version of Roadside Picnic, but its got a strange feel to it

like Wonderland, if Wonderland was in the universe where the SCP Foundation exists and is trying to keep it contained
[The lighthouse mirror had a shard of an alien lifeform trapped in it that had fallen to earth.  When Saul touched the strange flower that sprung up from where the shard of the mirror broke off and landed, the lifeform embedded itself inside him and began attempting to terraform the surrounding environment.  Earth was just as alien to the lifeform as the lifeform was to earth, so it attempted to create an environment that was familiar to both itself and earth, but because of the vast differences the imitations we're strange mirrors.  The one thing the alien was able to copy pretty well was an imprint of a person's memories, but not their actual thought processes.  The original versions of people who survived encounters with Area X, Saul and The Biologist, kept their motivations but lost control over how their body changed as they continued to exist in Area X.  The copies of people that the alien made were returned to their original home via a portal, Ghost Bird is the only one that didn't really identify with the rest of humanity and thus was able to escape being captured since her home was in the wilderness.  This same drive to understand nature allowed Ghost Bird to return to Area X with a new understanding of the area.  The end of the book implies that Area X may have been on track to convert the entire planet, but with a new understanding of humanity thanks to Ghost Bird and Control it might not be as hostile to those that encounter it.](#spoiler)
It's part of the New Weird genre - having a cohesive narrative isn't really the point of the story. You're supposed to have unanswered questions at the end because even the characters themselves don't have the answers.
From the end, it sounded like area x was actually transported to a different planet hence the shift in timescales inside the zone.

Maybe aliens were experimenting, seeking to understand earth or just the limits of their own abilities. Maybe it was a mistake. 
I don't understand the praise it gets. "It's so vague and mysterious, you don't know what's going on, just like the narrator!"

To me, that's just lazy writing. It was an absolute slog to get through, even though it was short. I was hyped by the teaser released earlier this year, and wanted to love the book(s), but it was just so… bad.
The premise is neat.
Oscar Isaac.
[Thanks.](https://i.imgur.com/j5MIP0e.gif) Been years since I read this one. Well, the years since its release. What a weird book.  
I believe it's the Crawler at [2:13](https://youtu.be/89OP78l9oF0?t=133) in the video. It's pretty fast, just a couple of frames. Use 'comma' and 'period' buttons to go frame by frame.
Narrator: "It will not"
I thought it was just semi-coincidence in the book that this one was all women as they tried all different variations in their teams - And that others were combinations of the two sexes
Was wondering the same thing and yes that makes sense, thank you!
I started the trilogy a few months ago.  I dig it
> I'm expecting the group of soldiers that didn't get named

In the books, lots of people aren't named. Including the protagonist of the first book (Natalie Portman's character is just referred to as "the biologist") and the main human antagonist gets the same deal.

> I'm also expecting some type of betrayal style twist

The books have a lot of these. But I doubt anything from book 2 will make it into the film. Looks to be mostly book 1 and maybe some "explanations" from book 3.

> I'm hoping for a more in depth description of the orb thing changing everything as well.

I've read all 3 books and I'd like this, too, please!
I’m still excited to see it anyway. It’s Garland and I really liked the teaser 
It’s a bear in the film. It does have a skullish human face. It’s moaning is the voice of one of the girls it killed and spliced it’s dna with.
I don’t know how to do spoilers on mobile, but

It seems like that is the case, although the twist you’re referring to isn’t revealed until the second book. It seems like Control is the one interviewing her while she’s in the Southern Reach, which is weird to me unless that’s just a random guy. The camcorder choice also confuses me, but i think that’s because it’s easier to follow people on video than a character reading journal after journal after journal. 
This is a one off and there will not be a film trilogy. Some things might get mixed in from the last two books.

Do not expect a 1:1 adpatation.
I thought it was Grace.
Are they ruining what in the trailer? I’ve seen the movie
Apparently, because Ex Machina didn't do well internationally and because of criticism of it being "too intellectual and confusing" at test screenings, but a producer siding with Garland and not allowing changes to be made to the ending/Portman's character/dumb it down, Paramount want to cut their losses and recoup the money they spent by selling the international distribution rights to Netflix. Having to watch it on Netflix to get a version that is Garland's vision rather than in the cinema to get a watered down studio interfered version is mostly fine with me, but I am sad I won't be able to see it in cinemas. Ex Machina was beautiful there and this looks stunning.
Apparently it's going straight to Netflix in the UK. Seems like a really weird decision tbh
Basically, Paramount is only gonna distribute the movie theatrically on the US, Canada and China. For the rest of the world, it sold to Netflix the rights to stream the movie 17 days after it opens on the US.
I'm thinking that they are cramming the 2nd book into the movie.
I had the complete opposite reaction. I rarely dislike books, but this series was lethargically slow and felt so aimless and vague in descriptions that it felt like reading nothing.
The movie so far, particularly the previous trailer, completely turned me around to the book. I can't wait to see what Garland has created here.
They work very well as audio books - I'm a bit through the second, and its excellent for long drives.
And the all female one is the one that worked?
Yeah, no. You're right. Real question I should be asking then is; why the hell didn't the go in their with mech suits.
Oooh. I'm so ready.  
Thank you for your input!
I expected The Moaning Creature to be more like a fleshy mass with vegetation growing out of it. Not a skull faced monster. 

The Crawler, however....
The book is such a slow burn, and more akin to what Ex Machina was. This trailer feels like a much more mainstream sci-fi action thriller. Video cameras instead of journals, I guess you have to do that for film. More strange animals, and attacks, again, I guess thats to keep audiences engaged. I'm still anticipating this movie highly. For one, the look of it is very compelling. I'm just going to have to divorce it completely from the book in my mind.
Found the psychologist.
Annihilation.
i assumed it was what they were calling the wall.
Likewise. I read the book based on the rave reviews I was hearing. We had to have been reading different books. 
The books were fantastic, but like a Lindelof show it all hinged on the ending. The books, like most Lindelof shows, didn't have an ending. Honestly the third book was a train wreck. I hope this fixes that.
Yeah, maybe my underlying statement is that the movies hardly ever portray the book for those who truly enjoyed it for that medium. 
And, though he wasn't in the final film, he was in one of the Blade Runner 2049 short films they made
He's the main voice in the game Prey too. Great talent
And the IT Crowd smh 
Don't forget he was in the short film releases for Blade Runner 2049 as well.
Moon!?
What you taking ‘bout Willis!?
He was a voice actor in PREY and his voice is so good.
They do Wong right.
That show has so many boobs, it’s worth the watch just for that. 
Maybe it's the moaning creature she runs away from and they just expanded it's role in the movie?
They probably drew out the action in the first couple acts to make it more palatable for modern audiences.

As long as the last act remains the same, it should be at least good.
The bear is the moaning monster
From what I can tell the movie isn't changed at all, but the distribution was adjusted for the perceived smaller audience.  Its gone from worldwide theatrical run to just theaters in America, and then Netflix internationally.  

[Response from the director on release/changes](https://screenrant.com/annihilation-netflix-international-distribution-paramount/)
So dumb.  Why get the writer/director of Ex Machina if you didn't want something that's "too intelectual".  
> too intellectual

In hollywood that's usually code for, doesn't have audience emotional appeal. There are some directors more interested in getting across an idea rather than an emotion. Doesn't mean either way is a bad thing.
David Ellison in a nutshell. 
Saw an early screening a few months ago, and I really hope they don't change things! 
In my country, Pan's Labyrinth was advertised as a family movie. Its rating suffered bigly.
Yeah but there's a difference between marketing the film a certain way by showing certain scenes in the trailer and editing the trailer in a way that it blatantly deceives about the nature of the film.
One of the best comments you ll read all day
I'm still mad at Bridge to Teribithia.
Yeah that's a good point. I see it for mother! especially considering how intense and controversial it ended up being.
Hopefully it's the same movie by the time we see it as it was when this trailer was made...
Agreed. From the looks of it they're changing it to a "save my husband" story, which was almost not at all the case in the novel (at least not in that way). 

On top of that she's way too knowledgeable and aware going in, and a lot of the changes seem geared at making it action packed rather than psychological/mysterious.

I understand having to simplify the premise of the novel to get it on film, but some of these things seem like they'd change the underlying motivation/foundations of the characters. Which wouldn't really be the same story anymore.
I'm thankful for the new trailer because now there's no way in hell I'm going to see it. (will catch it on Netflix or some other stream tho)
Did the dolphin actually have a biologically human eye? I thought it just gave her a really human feeling of intelligence or something. I do remember that there was a fox with human dna though, so maybe I'm remembering wrong.
This is one of those few books where I'm actually *hoping* they just keep the general premise and make the story more adventurous and less ambiguous.  

Yeah I’ve seen the movie and you got it pretty correct. 1. She’s had an affair and feels guilt ridden. 4 pretty much all the action in this movie is in this trailer. Definitely not an action film. 5. Kinda. 6. It’s not a major plot point at all. 7. It explains exactly what the shimmer is doing (mixing dna) that’s explained loud and clear. It does not explain the aliens purpose and the movie ends ambiguously on how exactly the alien has effected Natalie. Also no plan on any sequels so the movie has a pretty definitive end. 
Seen it and you have it right
It's clear now that that is what Villeneuve does. He's the master of the slow-burn thinkers.
Yes, I think it’ll be like that. If you noticed in the trailer they focused on this “creature”, but every shot seemed to be from the same scene. 
That's good news. Nowadays, "won't appeal to most people" almost always means "good and refreshing movie".
[deleted]
I'll contribute something here: I felt the "security badges" were an incredibly obvious plot device that didn't hold up under the slightest scrutiny. 

Super genius would easily be able to use facial recognition or another more secure method than badges. [Clearly an escape situation would allow badges to be used by a rogue AI unit and would have been planned for. There's basically no reason at all for the badges to exist except to make the plot work. It was just pretty weak in my opinion.](#spoiler)
I KNOW RIGHT? ffs make it already.
The trailer implies that the reunion is skipped.
Yes this is what happens in the film.
Because there was a lot of symbolism in the book about *how* he appeared, and it’s what spurred the biologist to go into Area X. 
If they are adapting both books, it is an incredible marketing campaign to not give that away to book fans. Imagine the surprise upon a first viewing!
I'd be surprised if there wasn't a line of communication open between the author and director, knowing it was going to be a trilogy (which was announced in the back of thw first book). Especially knowing all three books were set to come out before the film, it would make sense for the author to be sharing with the director. It is probably assumed that if this goes well we will get at least one more film, so they are both investex in the best story being told.
[I came to pretty much the exact same conclusions as you, and thought it was a pretty neat take on the "first contact" sci-fi trope. I especially liked that the "words" were (I think) the result of Saul coming into contact with the alien life form and having no way to fathom what it was or what its motivations were, and "translating" it as a fire-and-brimstone sermon from his past career, which sounds malevolent. But it's really just "I'm here to terraform/bioform this place." There's also the possibility that it was some part of Saul still trapped in AreaX/the Crawler that was willing the Border to exist until it could understand humanity and wouldn't drive them crazy or turn them into monsters. So the Border disappearing didn't mean Area X "won" but rather that it wasn't a danger to people anymore. But I was still disappointed that the books were *sooo* inefficient at telling a fairly straight-forward story. Backstories/internal monologues/sitting still and just describing things around them could have been slashed to *half* the pages. And the whole internal government agency intrigue was unnecessary.](#spoiler)
Ah fuck spoilers don’t work on mobile. 
That was brilliant. Thank you very much for that comment
are you jeff vandermeer? that seems fairly straightforward now 
Exactly. It's a weird fiction/cosmic horror book that had enough sci-fi trappings to make publishers advertise it to the sci-fi crowd, so now it has this, IMO, an annoyingly mixed reception, not due to the books actually being bad, but because the sci-fi crowd isn't exactly used to that sort of ambiguity and prefers stories with answers and logic. 

I see sooo many people say "I can't wait to read the sequels, I need answers!" and it's like, if that's the view you have of the series, it means you're misreading it to some degree. It deliberately avoids giving the reader easy answers.
I enjoyed the first book, it's written in quite a hypnotic way that draws you in to the surreal world it takes place in. Got no particular drive to read the second and third and I think it works well enough on its own to be honest.
I'm still slumbering through the second book right now. I loved the first book! Weird, ominous and taunting.

The configurations and relationships between the members of the X expeditions (where X is an unspecified number at this point, especially based on what I just saw in the trailer) is an important point in the books.  It remains to be seen how important it is in the movie.  
My understanding from interviews and early reviews is it's basically just the first book but the whole plot is wrapped up in one movie. I don't believe sequels are planned; it's an open and shut movie. 

Shame, because I think 2 would make a good spy thriller, but I'm still excited for this!
Yeah. I was thinking the character played by Wong was control, as well.
Yeah, I get that they seem to be blending a lot of the Control plot into the movie. I wasn’t expecting a 1:1 translation. I was expecting not to have a major plot point spoiled in the trailer.
I was thinking that at first, but I’m fairly certain the same actor was in the party during the Area X scenes. I could be wrong, though.
That's an absolute enbuggerance frankly.

Agreed though. Most (decent) films need watching on the big screen if possible.

'Too intellectual & confusing' !!??

I share genes with these mentalists ?


Wait what? it’s not coming to theatres at all? 
Shit, I didn't know that. Annihilation was my most-anticipated film for next year, I was looking forward to seeing it on the big screen. Fuck.
Man, that fuckin´ sucks.
And I had yet a different opinion.  I liked the ideas, and especially the mood and psychological aspects of the books, but the writing itself (word choices, sentence structure, some weird yoda-isms) I found jarring.  I thought that the whole [what would happen if we interacted with aliens?  We'd be really confused and powerless](#spoiler) aspect of it was well done.
This is the first all female one, so you'll find out in the movie. The fact that its all female really isn't important though, it's made pretty clear that the organization sending the missions is just throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks at this point.
I thought the moaning creature was like a pile of weeds and goo. And the goo [was the faces of other expeditions?](#spoiler)
They could've given The Boar a more prominent role.

But MAN The Crawler as a giant 3D rendering of the Mandelbrot set. I gotta say I kinda love it. 
To be fair all we see in the trailer is that face. It could be anything for the body, close to the books. 
We haven't seen it in its entirety yet.
[There was video of the first expedition going crazy in the books, though. But it was way before the husband's expedition. They may be condensing the multi-decade history of Area X down for the movie and making the husband's expedition the 1st and the biologist's the 2nd.](#spoiler) 
> Video cameras instead of journals, I guess you have to do that for film.

Well, it's 2017. Using journals alone is harder to believe than using electronics and video. Probably the book author chose journals as it fits better to a book. Cameras fit better to a movie, but also make more sense in our modern reality.
Consolidation of authority!
The book just constantly builds tension with very little happening until the last 50 pages.  It has some fantastic prose, but if you are reading it thinking there will be a lot of action and reaction, it is gonna fall flat.  The book thrives on misinformation and uncertainty as you only get the perspective of one character (the biologist).  Without that first person perspective, it will be really difficult to handle the subtlety of interaction between the expedition members (like calling the 'geographical anomaly' the tower or the tunnel as someone wrote above.

I thought the book was absolutely phenomenal, but I'm an avid reader.  I recommended it to a bud who rarely reads and he wasn't into it.  
When I heard of this adaptation I went and looked up the book series to see if it was something I'd enjoy. It sounded interesting so I found a synopsis for the whole series online and read through it, I don't really mind spoilers.

It does sound like there's a lot of interesting and imaginative stuff in there, but I can't stand a story that poses questions it never answers, or only offers the most shallow or obvious answers. From what I remember at the end of the story you get very little explanation to what is going on, and the little you do get is awfully cliche.

The movie looks entertaining but knowing the books ended that way makes me skeptical of it
I'm about 70 pages into Acceptance and I feel the title and my feelings are starting to align.
Well, not the voice of the main character, but the main character's _brother._
I thought I recognised Alex! 
A fan of tiny biscuits. You are full of surprises. 
Morgan, head to the Arboretum!
also what i think

in the book it has a very small role where it could be equally mysterious as the crawler

why not, as long as the tower is not left behind 
99% sure thats what it is. 
You are correct it has a bigger part in the movie
> Ellison’s suggestions of changing the ending and making Portman’s character more likeable  

*Why we can't have nice things*, the job. Imagine 2001 going through test screenings, focus grouping, reshoots...
Netflix is the new “Straight to VHS” that many sequels used to get. Now companies hedge their bets because they don’t trust the movies they made. 
Because you don't give a shit and think you can play from that success to make more money.
I'd argue they have a different kind of emotional appeal. I'm definitely more emotionally invested in intellectual movies than dumbed down movies. But I know I'm in the minority. Probably no on this sub, but definitely on the whole. 
True. If only Megan had financed instead! Annapurna seems to have more adventurous sensibilities when it comes to financing.

I just wish producers had stuck by the story. 'Arrival' was incredibly successful, had a big budget, and did well at the box office. This movie seems to be aimed at a similar fanbase. 'Arrival' was also a great long-term investment because of all the awards and nominations it received.
I still traumatically remember the wine bottle scene I saw as a kid. Marketing a horror film as a family film is a little different to what’s happening here
I liked the books, but I think they went a little past "psychological/intellectual" into "just ambiguous" territory. That's okay for a book, but very hard to pull off in a movie.  
If they give the movie the same premise, but let the characters know more to begin with (and figure more things out in the end) it would be fine by me.  
But yeah, screw that "save my husband" crap. The husband was, like, a rather minor backstory in the book.
At the time it was mentioned in the books (very early in book 1) it was kinda just "really reminded her "of a human eye, and she dismissed it.  
As the books go on, it becomes more likely that it really is a human eye (though the books are ambiguous as hell)
Yes it did
It's hard to say. My understanding was that Area X was the result of alien spores making imperfect clones and strange hybrids of various flora and fauna- basically assimilating them. The fox w/ human DNA seems to corroborate with idea that the dolphin really did have a human eye, or an approximation of one that the spores made. Wasn't it also the biologist's notion that the Boar at the start was probably part human as well, which was why it appeared to be struggling internally before veering off into the bushes? 

The nature of the novel makes coming to any certain conclusions quite difficult, if not impossible, but that was how I interpreted it.
*tell us more*
I really hope you aren't bullshitting. The new trailer makes me worry the movie is "Emotionally Compromised Female Rambo" meets Area X. I want calm and somewhat detached Biologist meets Area X with more visceral weird shit in the movie than the book.
How have you seen it already? Really hoping they are going for  a more cerebral, unsettling psychological film than outright horror.
Yes and no. This movie is no way a horror but this trailer spoils a lot of the movie. Pretty much shows way too much
It also means a higher chance of no happy ending and little to no plot armor, both of which I'm getting tired of.
You see, I was absolutely captivated by Isaac's performance and I put it down to the directing as much as his talent. There was this constant air of uneasiness about him that was really brought out in such a subtle way - really kept me engrossed and trying to guess his motives.
I agree with that. I enjoy the film. I think the acting is perfect. They just could have done more with it.
Agreed, once I got the whole "garden of eden" thing it was obvious what was going to happen so it wasn't a surprise.

I thought Under the Skin was a much better work by the same team, more subtle and scary.  Lots of the same theme, but not so much super overt bible imagery.
The trailer is lying I’ve seen the film.
It happens the same in the film the trailer is just misleading.
Excellent comment! That has helped my understand a great deal!

> the books were sooo inefficient at telling a fairly straight-forward story. Backstories/internal monologues/sitting still and just describing things around them could have been slashed to half the pages. And the whole internal government agency intrigue was unnecessary.

This is spot on. I feel the same
>that seems fairly straightforward now 


All I can think as someone whos never read the book is "Really? Thats pretty straight straightforward, huh?"

lol
[The series makes a lot more sense on a second read through knowing that Area X is actually trying to understand the humans as much as they are trying to understand it.  One specific paragraph in chapter 22 of Acceptance where the reader sees the story from Area X's point of view is critical to understanding the whole story: She saw or felt, deep within, the cataclysm like a rain of comets that had annihilated an entire biosphere remote from Earth. Witnessed how one made organism had fragmented and dispersed, each minute part undertaking a long and perilous passage through spaces between, black and formless, punctuated by sudden light as they came to rest, scattered and lost—emerging only to be buried, inert, in the glass of a lighthouse lens. And how, when brought out of dormancy, the wire tripped, how it had, best as it could, regenerated, begun to perform a vast and preordained function, one compromised by time and context, by the terrible truth that the species that had given Area X its purpose was gone. She saw the membranes of Area X, this machine, this creature, saw the white rabbits leaping into the border, disappearing, and coming out into another place, the leviathans, the ghosts, watching from beyond. All of this in fragments through taste or smell or senses she didn’t entirely understand.](#spoiler)
It is. It just takes a while to get to the point. 

I really don't understand what problem people have with it. 
I will concede it took me a bit to get over that this wasn't a standard plotted novel, and was more a surrealist trip, and was a little upset at first, but once I came to terms with what the novels were actually about, I sat back and enjoyed the ride.

Hell, one of the last lines of the 3rd book, where Ghost Bird, where Ghost Bird finds some writings from the director to the Priest guy (I think it was the priest) were so fucking touching, even though you didn't have the whole context, that I choked up for a moment.

Well written weirdness.
Ditto. I keep reading it on the train for a few days and then I put it down and forget about it. Not that I don't like it, but it's just not as mysterious/ominous as the first book. I am enjoying it though. I need to finish it haha
I thought book 2 was the weakest of the trilogy. The first one had me hooked, and so did the third (to a lesser extent). But I found myself losing interest in the second. It just seemed like endless flashbacks and nothing really happening (until the last few chapters). I didn't really connect with the character of Control.
It's only spoiled if you read the book.

And if you read the book, the movie is already spoiled for you.

I don't quite follow your logic. If someone hasn't read the book, they would have no frame of reference to know it was a spoiler.
You share about 60% of your genes with actual bananas, so...
It will be in America, Canada and China, but it looks like everywhere else it will just be Netflix. Apparently Netflix could do a limited release in cinemas but that's just conjecture from an article I read and I have my doubts to be honest
Snap.

Looking forward to this for ages as well.
Road trip!  Or, plane ride, YMMV.  
Oh okay but the fact that they’re female isn’t actually a key element, it’s just something they’re trying?
The lighthouse keeper's face
oh no doubt. i was just pointing that out as a glaring difference to me. I mean theres a lot different aside from that.
The books have both video and journals. the early expeditions had camera's, but they stopped bringing them because it seemed like the more technology they brought it, the worse the outcomes were.
there is rationale in the book as to why they don't use technology. it would be one line of dialogue.
Annihilation! *shoots self with gun*
I'm an avid reader and the series wasn't great. 

It was the literary equivalent of Lost, to me. Like the author didn't really know where they wanted to go - just throw a bunch of neat scenes together and work out what it all means later. 

Still some of the scenes, particularly in the first one, were enjoyably tense and weird.

edit: still excited about the movie because the possibility space is huge and Portman is one of my favorite actresses.
I’m an avid reader too, so let’s not play that game. The book just didn’t work for me. The subtlety you think was so great was like watching paint dry for me, and it didn’t help that I found The Biologist to be passive, vapid and utterly unbelievable as a scientist.
> It does sound like there's a lot of interesting and imaginative stuff in there, but I can't stand a story that poses questions it never answers, or only offers the most shallow or obvious answers. 

I do really enjoy HP Lovecrafts works which is more about world-building and not answering questions. Annihilation seems to be close to that but more narratively focused. 
The first book was honestly fine as a standalone. I would have been totally cool with that level of ambiguity. The first book was beautiful. But if you're going to make an action movie second book with this ridiculous Control character who is somehow part super spy and somehow part kind of the biggest moron ever and then weave it all together you should really have a plan and an ending.
We're gonna shake things up...

Like old times.
tunnel, i think you mean to call it a tunnel
That was a pretty intense part of the book.

I don't really like that this trailer makes it seem like she's super in love with her husband, when in the books she was much more reserved about him. I guess they need to give the audience a reason to like the biologist?
But what's also weird is that it looked as though the Biologist was in the tower with multiple people which is not the case in the book... [except when she goes down to the bottom and sees the psychologist](#spoiler)
What is this tower tunnel thing? There’s a lighthouse in the movie and a tunnel that’s just a hole that was left by the alien crashing into the lighthouse.
> Making Portman's character more likeable

Oh for crying out loud. Not a spoiler- but that was like a major point of her character in the book. She's not some charismatic instantly likeable person.
[deleted]
I just wish they would be more open to releasing 2 cuts of a movie. It seems like director's cuts have been less and less common lately. I'm fine with watching a dumbed down, studio friendly version if I can get a heavier version later. 
Indeed. I worked a movie where they were both financing and Megan was routinely backing the director while David was generally disagreeing on things. After a few weeks David had a private meeting with Megan and a couple days later she pulled out out of the film and he had to fill in for the rest of the financing and the director spent them next several months in living hell.  
To be fair, *Arrival* took a looooooong time to get made and even so it's not a great long-term investment because it has zero franchise-ability or sequel potential. It most likely didn't turn much of a profit for the investors.

Depending on how much source material they're using, *Annihilation* has either zero or little sequel potential and much more risk because it is a weirder/darker story.

However, I agree with you Annapurna is incredibly adventurous and I wish more companies were like that. 
Recently watched PL for the first time after hearing such good things about it. I felt the graphic violence was a bit too much and some of those scenes are still haunting me. It was a decent movie, but I didn't think it was amazing entertainment wise. 
IIRC the biologist says that there was something strange about the boar's face that may or may not have actually been physical, and that this strangeness caused it to veer off its charge. Which might support your idea about it being part human.
Twas good. Alex Garland's jump from screenwriter to the director is impressive. 
Pm me if you have any question.
What you want is exactly how the movie is. Definitely not looking like Rambo lol
I can confirm what the other guy said. As long as they don't make any changes from when I saw it, you'll be satisfied. 
Screener. Yeah it’s definitely a psychological film. It’s no horror and much truer to ex Machina then the trailer may seem.
I appreciate this very much!  I will not watch it.  But how have you seen this already?  
You're the first person I've ever heard of that wants more plot armor. It's usually seen as a flaw (which I think it is).
I thought the acting was good. Fitting for what it needed. But not amazing. There wasn't anything great from any of the actors. It was just, that, acting. Some people praise the main character/robot for being so amazing when it was nothing much.
Under The Skin is a different director, nothing to do with Ex Machina. I think they just share the distributor A24. 
Yeah, I get it that establishing personalities and motivations is important, especially for the biologist/control/Saul since it affects how they interact with Area X. But that doesn't mean devoting 3/4 of the writing to that purpose was a good idea.  
In a standard drama it would be a bit dull, but in a mysterious sci-fi it's *torture* grinding through that stuff while you wait to get back to exciting paranormal events.  
I actually kinda hope in the movie they ditch the ambiguity of the books, start everyone out with roughly the knowledge of Book 2, and focus on specifics of how/why Area X works. 
Thanks to your explanations, I may give it a second read through with all that in mind. Thanks!
It has some interesting things about it, but it feels more like a detective novel than a continuation of the world building and suspense the first book offered.
I would say about the middle two thirds of the 2nd book aren't important and were just boring.
... it’s spoiled because someone walks into the movie, having seen the trailer, and recognizes this lady on the expedition as the same lady who was interviewing the biologist back at the southern reach in the trailer. Unless they’re completely cutting out the surprise element there — which they might be. It’s only not spoiled if you haven’t seen the trailer.
To be fair I've never had many issues with bananas.

People however. .....😠
Gutted. Some of the visuals looked stunning and would have been nice to see on the big screen. 
Exactly. It's very unimportant.
That was in the crawler.
Lighthouse keeper's face was in the Crawler, not moaning creature.
Fair enough.  I haven't read the final book yet and rumor is it's the worst one. The second book definitely felt dragged out over the first 100 pages or so.   I still felt the first novel was quite good relative to most other books I've read though. 
That's fair, and I didn't mean the 'avid reader' thing as an insult, it was just my anecdotal experience. Sorry if it came off that way.  

She definitely seemed like what someone who isn't a scientist thinks a scientist is like, however I was willing to suspend my disbelief given all the other nonsense that happens in the series. 
Same! I’m on the second book and it’s like eating food I don’t like. 
>action movie second book

OK, now this is a definite "are we reading the same books?" moment. The first was hardly action-packed but it's practically a Michael Bay production compared to the second one -- the whole thing is one long slow burn leading up to <spoiler>.
The rest of us think of it as a tower. 
Topographical anomaly!
It is a tower!
yeah pretty much
the story is already weird, they probably don’t want to make her too much of an anti-hero 
She was reserved about her husband?  Was she some kind of alien in the book?   That seems very odd. 
The book character is an introvert that's really disconnected from society/people and really connected to nature. And not in a tree hugger way, but in a biologist-that-likes-to-learn-how-nature-works way.  And it's super important to the story!  
I feel like bringing that exact character to a movie as accurately as possible would be fine if it was a guy, and this was only considered an issue because of how Hollywood wants all their female protagonists to be.
I can see it now:  
A lady comes out of a test screening and writes on her form,  "I didn't like the parts where something really bad happened to someone and Natalie Portman didn't cry. I was sad, and I cried, but Natalie was not sad and didn't cry. I give the movie 2/10."
I mean in the books Katniss wasn't exactly a people pleaser either.
Totally agreed. This near-instant Netflix release would be perfectly suited for that, too. (It seems to be a moot point since the director not making the desired changes is *why* it's not getting a standard theatrical run, of course.)
Interesting. Even though I'm sure David makes a lot more money / blockbusters, I envy Megan more. I'd rather work on films that take artistic leaps and work with directors like PTA any day of the week!
I guess I meant ‘long-term’ like 20+ years, in that it will be bought/streamed and continually revisited because it’s a great movie - but yeah it was definitely a risky investment and I probably overstated how much of a financial success it was. 

However, I’m sure the producers are glad that they gave the film the green light in the end, despite the long gestation period - which is the point I was really trying to make.
That's awesome!  I'm properly excited now! 
Dude went from book author to screenwriter next to Danny Boyle. I'm sure Boyle taught him a thing or too, and his skill as an author lends to his narrative style of filmmaking...

I can't wait to see what else Garland will do.
Have you read the book? If so, how much does it stay faithful to? I understand that Garland read this when it was still a "manuscript", but I hope it doesn't stray too far from the source material. 
Thank you, fren. My inner Crawler can rest easy and stop dissolving my face mote by mote.
I have. Don't watch this trailer. 
I saw the movie at a screener. Excellent film one of my favorites of the year.
That's because you misunderstood what I said.
Oh good call.
... And if you haven't read the book, you have no idea what sequence those events occur in, or what if any significance it has.

It's hilarious to have this argument with you.

We're arguing about someone who hasn't read the books, but you use the context you gathered from reading the book in your example. The only reason you know it's significant, is, yet again, *you have read the book*.

How would someone who has never read the book going to know this?
Yeah the moaning creature had the face of the psychologist from the previous expedition.
I found the third book a little better than the second though it could have lost maybe a quarter to a third of its pages and been vastly improved.  The first book was definitely my favorite. At least it does wrap up, sorta-kinda, unlike Lost.
I'm a huge apologist for Authority. It did really well at conveying a paranoid and unhinged feeling and there was a lot of cool unreliable narrator stuff going on.

Not every book has to be balls to the walls the whole time.
The trailer is showing you 1 flashback. Their marriage is far from great in the actual movie
Yeah she has a lot of internal dialogue and she’s definitely a strange person. Maybe even a little bit on the spectrum if that helps give you an idea. She talks about how she likes being with her husband, but he’s an extrovert and she’s very much an introvert who would rather observe tidal pools and other natural things than interact with people. 
In addition to the description from /u/bjjpolo she was happy with her husband but his decision to go on the 11th expedition because a friend convinced him made them fight and after that they stopped really being in love. There were also a few other specific instances she talked about where she really didn't see the point in being married. She didn't really like his friends either. She's probably a bit on the spectrum in terms of her ability to form relationships and preference to just stare at a tidal pool for years (literally).

Also [in the book she doesn't get a call that her husband showed up and then goes to see him in a hospital/facility. What happens is he shows up at their house randomly, they fuck, she believes he's just a thing and not really her husband, and then they take him from her. He dies quickly after that from cancer. She opts to go for the 12th expedition because she wants to know what happened to her husband. It is 100000000% not a "my beloved husband oh how tragic he was killed by going on this expedition now I must go see what happened to him oh how heartbroken am I" situation like the trailer paints.](#spoiler)
[deleted]
It's kinda weird because, afaik, studios normally have the final cut call. Glad they don't here. 
Ah, gotcha, I hear you. Sorry if I sounded combative!
I have not read the book but from what I’ve heard it’s pretty different. Also FYI this is a stand alone movie. No sequel.
Can you actually explain to me what the crawler is cause I’m pretty sure it’s not in this film.
Thanks.  I wish I was able to see movies this early! Lucky.
You might wanna rephrase your comment then because right now you're saying "a higher chance of little to no plot armor, which I'm getting tired of".
It’s clear from the trailer that the psychologist works for the southern reach. When she shows up as a member of the party, even if I haven’t read the book, I’d think, “oh that’s the lady from the trailer.” I’m not sure why that’s difficult to wrap your head around.
I think the series is less like Lost and more like the Matrix sequels, in that what is actually going on is honestly fairly simple in the end, but the author goes through great effort to make it *seem* really complex and intellectual.   
All of the theories I've seen on message boards explaining the events of the book are not complex and fairly easy to explain in a paragraph or two.  It's a fairly cool Sci-Fi concept, just executed with page after page of characters standing still and thinking thoughts that ultimately are irrelevant to the story.
I was ecstatic when I saw that Natalie Portman was given this role. She was exactly who I imagined while reading the book.
Great additions
Same thing happens in this movie. He shows up randomly at their house after being MIA. They do not fuck cause he’s confused at what’s happening. Within minutes he’s sick and in an ambulance, the government stop the ambulance and takes him. He does not die in this movie, also Natalie was having an affair before he went MIA so she’s guilt ridden.
What! I thought the biologist was an awesome character and entirely believable as a woman... considering the fact that I'm a woman and felt like we're very alike. That's a really weird criticism coming from a dude.
No, you're good! No worries at all.
Still makes sense to me. I'm tired of happy endings and plot armor. I think that's pretty clear.
Oh, I thought you said you were tired of "little to no plot armor" and not just "plot armor".
