Rudd will show an exclusive clip on Conan.
"65 feet?  ........Show me."
 - Morpheus, probably.
What makes Ant-Man equal to Wasp? She basically seems like a better fighter and with wings.
Ghost is dope as hell.  I’m so excited
That Giant-Man laugh though😂
Damn, Marvel doesn't waste any time moving onto marketing their next film. I guess they don't need to promote Infinity War anymore, it has its own legs now
There is an ant playing the drums. I love that theyre leaning into the weird.
Marvel: SEE WE'RE STILL FUN. 
PSA: This post has been up for 10 minutes and there are already multiple Infinity War spoilers. Probably best to avoid these comments if you haven't seen the movie. 
Excited for the Quantum realm exploration.
This lovely little romp will be so appreciated after being beaten down emotionally by IW.
I just love the Ant-Man powers so much! They are legit just fun to watch! 
Will always tune in for a Walton Goggins bad guy role.
That laugh Paul Rudd does as Giant Man I love it so much. Just cracks me up. Still remember that vividly from Civil War.



Also I wonder if the Post credit scene will be related to the Infinity War ending or they'll tackle it right towards the end of the movie.





Also Ant play drums. That's all. Just an ant playing fucking drums.
After Infinity War, I think it is okay to watch a movie with a smaller scale.
An ant playing drums is the only reason I need to watch this movie.
Anthony better not get eaten by that seagull I swear to god
This is basically what I want from an Ant-Man movie, just fun little side stories with great characters. Until Avengers 4 comes and wrecks us again
The villain reminds me of a Hunter from Destiny lol
I'm so pumped to see Wasp kick some ass as well, her scenes combine the best of Scott's powers with Black Widow's fighting
[deleted]
An ant playing the drums. I have seen everything.
Idk why but Ant Man movies are perfect for summer releases IMO
It's interesting they didn't show Janet at all. I thought for sure she was going to be the stinger at the end of the trailer. 
Wasn't there supposed to be some little boy in a wheelchair who rolls off a cliff and some brown creature who saves him? Or am I thinking of the first movie?
🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜
>No 5 second TV spot at the start of the trailer, spoiling the best parts

*Delightful.*
[deleted]
Awesome, Black Goliath is in it! And no explanation about infinity war. Interesting
Luis in the Ant-Mobile!
Paul Rudd’s hearty laugh at the end is a thing of beauty.
Cassie Lang: "I wish I could fight bad guys like you!"

They're setting the stage for her to become Stature when she's older.
WHAT A WORLD WE LIVE IN.

I'm so hyped about an Ant-Man & Wasp movie - and it's a SEQUEL to a fucking Ant-Man standalone film. Goddamn it feels good.

That sequence of Wasp going into and out of the car is incredible. The use of size changes throughout these movies is a hell of a ride. I can't wait for this!

P.S. MVP Michael Pena returns!
Looks like another marvel winner. they nailed the trailer again.
Evangeline Lily is such a fox, my god bro.
Ant-Man: Make people buy into shrinking as a legitimate superpower.

Ant-Man & The Wasp: Reap rewards and go crazy with size-change shenanigans.
Everyone’s caught up in Infinity War and I’m just over here waiting for Ant-Man and the Wasp.
Looks pretty good. Seems a bit *bigger* in scale than the first one. 
After *Infinity War*, I definitely need this. Even though I bet something extremely depressing is going to happen in the credits scene.
Paul Rudd is a national treasure
ghost looks like a hunter from destiny, but her powers (?) look fun. overall the movie looks fun but mostly standard stuff that may not be the most memorable movie but definitely worth $10 and a couple hours at the theater
You guys are all excited to see superheroes and shit but ignore the biggest surprise: T.I.P IS BACK!!!!
Scott with the humblebrag about his size.
Studio exec to Lawrence Fishburn three years ago: "you will be part of a superhero film that grosses over a billion, and one that grosses $600 million." 

Lawrence Fishburn: "well, of course Justice League makes over a billion, but amazing that the Ant guy movie makes over 600 million, wow."

Exec: "No, Ant Man 2 makes over a billion Justice League makes 600 million."
The thing I'm looking forward to is a flashback scene to early SHIELD like the first.
Was hoping for the wheelchair-off-the-cliff scene from "Mac and Me"
Every movie should end with “It Takes Two” playing. 
Keep Goliath away from Thor. PLEASE.
Can you imagine getting floored by a giant salt shaker out of seemingly nowhere?? I can’t wait for this movie and it’s niche action 
An Ant playing the drums. 


                                          
                                AN ANT PLAYING THE DRUMS
Yep it looks fun. take my money again Marvel. Need some fun now. 
Forgot that Fishburne jumped ship and was in this. Would loved to see a 55 foot tall Laurence FIshburne running around in this movie.
Glad Michael Peña is getting a bigger role, love that guy
This trailer looks much better than the first. Love the music especially! This will be a nice way to recover after being emotionally and mentally devastated by Infinity War.
Did I just saw ant play drums?
This movie is going to be so much fun and I already know it. 
There is an Ant playing drums and I am HERE FOR IT.
This looks like it will be a nice "palate cleanser" after the events of Infinity War for the audience. Now to see if it'll be set before, during, or after the events of Infinity War.


Either way, I know I'm definitely looking forward to this film.
Currently suffering PTSD from that film Infinity War. Paul Rudd's laugh (and this movie) might just be the therapy that I so desperately need.
Damn I didn’t expect the trailer to be that good. Can’t wait!
[Ant-Man and the Wasp exclusive](https://youtu.be/K5le9sYdYkM)
I hope the cast appears on Conan instead of Kimmel for this movie.
I honestly cant wait to see that again lol
I for one am looking forward to it!
I cannot fucking wait for it
<*farts*> You think that's air you're breathing now?  
Ant-Man can become giant.
Wasp in hindsight usually has the superior suit with the flight and blasters, but Ant-Man has a few key strengths too.

He can grow larger, something Wasp can't. And that does have value.

But more importantly is that he is smarter. Even Scott Lang is a genius for his unique way of thinking. Not to mention his heart and the bond with his daughter that gives him strength.
It's Paul Rudd. That alone makes him equal.
Ant man can turn giant and control ants while wasp can fly and uses her stingers
In the old Avengers, Ant-Man and Wasp were husband and wife.  Wasp was always getting into trouble and required the team to help her.  As modernity hit they became more and more a team.  In some incarnations they have made her permanently tiny (like the original Wasp in Ant-Man 1).

Nothing about their relationship has ever been grounded on being equal, other than in marriage.

But this is a different Ant-Man and different Wasp so obviously they'll be different.  This isn't Hank Pyn this is Scott Lang.
So as others have mentioned he can grow bigger and maybe the most important factor is that he's expendable (and the whole reason Hank picked him to be his replacement over Hope in the first place), but he also has a couple of other skills as well. He's obviously a great break-in artist, Hank tested him early in the first movie to see if he can get into his house. The ability of becoming small means that a lot of your missions will involve getting in and out of places undetected, and Scott's whole thing is that he's an expert burglar. Also he's good at tinkering with things and he's smart. We see him tinkering with his suit and figuring it out really quickly. That's an asset I don't think we really see from Hope, as she never built herself her own suit or anything like that.
She looks like my Destiny 1 Hunter
What's her powes? Trailer made her look like Shadowcat
I'm surprised at how major a role she's been given. The first trailer only had a split-second of her; no indication she'd be the big bad.

Which I love. Did you see Hannah John-Kamen's expression when she was admiring her new powers? She can do unhinged really well.
She reminds me of Ana from OW 
I can’t believe no one is pointing out how much she reminds me of the ghost twins in the second matrix movie. Especially with the whole “phasing through a car” thing and having Morpheus in the movie. 
MWO HOAH HOAH HOAAA!

Which, to be quite fucking honest, is precisely what most of us would sound like if we suddenly became like 250 feet tall. (actually, how big is Ant Man there? His head is about 40 feet tall, so that makes him 300ish feet tall?)
It'll probably be different in the movie, or maybe not in it at all, because the one we hear in the trailer is taken right out of Civil War.
In Civil War that got the hardest laugh out of me just by the zaniness of the whole ordeal. Followed closely by Thor's "sun getting real low" to the Hulk.
They finally managed to get a “hangin’ dong” joke in the MCU
It is almost the exact same laugh as the Civil War one.
It makes sense though, ant man is only a few months off and this is the time before then with the most attention on marvel stuff.

It's also kind of a nice change since infinity war so sad and big in scale, that there will be a humourous and weird movie soon after. We don't know how capt marvel will be in tone really but I don't expect it to be as light hearted as anything like homecoming or ant man so this will be a nice reprieve until things get darker again.
Other studios: “shut it down Fiege” 
Marvel: “I can’t, it’s self sustaining now” 

Word of mouth is the only marketing they need now
They did show the first trailer for Ant-Man before the IW screening, so yeah
That's one thing I've really liked about the MCU, they definitely aren't afraid to get weird. 
Yeah but I expect a massive tonal shift to downer in the last five minutes of this movie!
Well we were always fun, but this is just our regular fun.
Perfectly balanced.
"We'll go light-hearted for this one, maybe. See that ant playing the drums? Cheer up!" 
When were they not fun?
“P...Pym I dont feel so good” the end of the movie probably
Honestly, if you haven't seen IW, you shouldn't be here.
I have even been on Reddit for less than 20 minutes and have seen several posts with major spoilers. Also avoid r/fakehistoryporn like the plague of you haven't seen it yet. Everyone there is using memes to recreate the ending of IW. 
Scott: I think we took a wrong turn somewhere.

Hope: Watch it!

(Pod barely misses another ship zooming by)

Thing: *Look where ya goin', ya Sunday drivahs!*
For real. I just need to watch a giant ant play electronic drums for a little while.
Paul Rudd's jolly laugh is what we need right now
I'm actually wanting to see how the world is reacting to the events of IW....

And yeeaaaaahhh, this doesn't seem like it takes place during that.

Chances this ends with >!tiny Scott running across Michael Douglas's human Thanos dust air particles?!< 
You say that now but watch the end of this directly tie into the end of IW and then you'll be all like "oohhhhhhhhh noooooooooo =["
well, i am gonna watch thanos get his ass kicked by deadpool in deadpool 2 anyway
The first thing I thought after IW was "Can't wait for Deadpool 2."
I hope we get a kaiju battle in this one to mirror the train set battle in the last one.
I'm dying for some more of Luis' summaries
LOL Scott riding a flatbed like a scooter, complete with kicking motion
It is more fun with someone like Hope with actual creativity that does it. Scott is such a noob.
My biggest take away from the first movie after going in wondering if a character like Ant-Man was a bit obscure and underwhelming was that his powers are actually really visually dynamic and great for cinema.
The laugh when he turns giant is great. 
> Will always tune in for ~~a~~ any Walton Goggins ~~bad~~ ~~guy~~ role.

FTFY
I've been rewatching Justified lately, and he is amazing 
Silver tongue son of a gun. 
He couldn't save Tomb Raider, as much as I love the guy. But more of him is always a good thing.
Honestly, his acting even in giant form, sells the effect. Before civil war I was afraid a giant Ant-Man would break the MCU because of ridiculous it would look but all his little mannerisms, nervousness and even that laugh sold the fact that it was an experience even for him
This likely won't happen, but it'd be hilarious if the villain comes so close to winning only to turn into dust at the last second due to the ending of Infinity War.
Post credit scene will have the effects of the Snap from Scott's POV. [The Wasp will turn to ash and before Hank does the same he'll tell Scott where to start to fix all of this. It'll be a very dark moment and will help set the premise for Avengers 4.](#spoiler)
>smaller scale.

i see what you did there
I understand that thought but at the moment I'm kind of hard pressed to care about what's happening here. 

Clearly whatever plot the villain has is irrelevant given what happens elsewhere. 
That sure came out of left field. I know Ant Man is a bit more... off the wall sort of thing but that was just down right *weird*
Ant-ony already dead, yo. 
https://imgur.com/gallery/EpGED
This is exactly what I needed after the absolute trauma of IW. A lighthearted action-comedy to mellow things out, then a proper badass action flick to establish new characters and get us ready for the second big whammy next year.

10 years on and the MCU is better than it has ever been.
With the helmet on, she looks like a grey suited Tali from Mass Effect.
Why? Why do you just want to hurt people?
Think if it was the daughter dude , that thing would be dark AF 
[(IW spoiler)](http://imgur.com/HzfAiVQ) 
*cue the tears*

Have you seen a man EAT his own head?
They did! Its brief but there is a Hank Janet team up clearly at
[1:35*](https://youtu.be/mvsOoOv8iT4?t=90) in the trailer. It has to be because that wasp is red.

*Sorry got timecode wrong.
That was the first one, Conan.
ANTS
Nice catch, that's really funny.
My guess is it's probably set before Infinity War.
He's probably just going to be referred to as Goliath, though. Like how Black Mariah went by Mariah in the Luke Cage Netflix show. You know, the blackness is sort of implied.
Bill Foster: Is there a “White” Goliath?

Scott Lang: No.

Bill Foster: Then “Goliath” will suffice.
It takes place directly after Civil War.  Captain Marvel is set in the 90's.  Nothing new happens in the MCU until Avengers 4.
You should know something about a certain casting.....
Michael Pena was the cherry on top of the Ant-Man sundae in the first film. From the trailer it looks like his character is in a better place. 

Wasp looks like she will be an ass-kicking machine.    


I thought the first trailer was better.
[But will the trailer translate well into film?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBM3j7x4Lcw)
this was what I wanted after seeing the first ant-man movie. Especially after the TANK keychain sequence. I wanted WAY more of that.
Anyone who didn't think it could be a legitimate superpower just wasn't thinking creatively enough. The applications are endless.
I wonder where in the time line this will be at
I don't think it's going to be purely depressing though. I'm willing to bet there's going to be some quantum-realm shenanigans going on there. 
I think it's the opposite we'll get something really cool in there and the ending will be a bit of a downer 
I'm confused, why is that a surprise?
[deleted]
I’d brag too if I found out I was bigger than a black guy.
He wasn't in Justice League tho lol
Lol, Ant Man 2 isn't making a billion.
That’ll be like half of Captain Marvel
I want all the silliest elements of the MCU to come together and form a super team.

Howard, Rocket, Groot, Cosmo, Korg, all the Stan Lee Clones, and Drummer Ant. Just put them all in a movie together.
You know actors are free to be in DC or Marvel movies right?
No that was a messed up lookin dog
I'm gonna take a wild guess that it takes place before IW and mid-credit or post-credit scene gets it caught up with the events of the film.
I always know what it is, and I always click.
An extended preview - nice! 
[Reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bNzAgJMYVE) for those that don't understand. and the Conan/Paul Rudd [Ant-Man interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9fqZlo60_8)
I KNEW THIS WAS GOING TO BE THE MAC AND ME CLIP AND I STILL CLICKED IT.
I hate you...
ABC is owned by Disney, that's why Kimmel always gets the ensemble interviews. 
*farts louder*

Woah
Holy shit. ["Fart within the Matrix."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcojUS7GL6U) I haven't thought about that for years; that was the kind of shit we downloaded from Morpheus (fittingly)  back in the day.
I remember the first time I watched that YTP, must have been in 2007. I nearly passed out laughing and the girl I was watching it with said I was the most juvenile person she had ever met. Quality fart jokes though. 
And has Quips. 
So can the Wasp, at least in [the comics](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/superheroines/images/7/7a/2110412xvgbiCe5.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130520082217)
https://i.imgur.com/IhsoHzg.jpg
He's also expendable, so he can do the $#*^ that Hank won't let Wasp do because it might get someone killed.
> Not to mention his heart and the bond with his daughter that gives him strength.

This is some anime-level reasoning right there.
>He can grow larger, something Wasp can't. And that does have value.

I concur. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Also he can control ants
[deleted]
Exactly. In 20 years he will be even more attractive than he is now. That’s a power. 
Isnt Hope Pym (hanks daughter) actually a villian in the comics?
First thing I thought of also. Repping that chatterwhite shader. 
She’s wearing ATS/8 ARACHNID with Chatterwhite
Every time she was on screen that's all I could see.
RIP destiny
u/Destiny_Flavor_Text where are you?
Ghost is a tech-based corporate saboteur in the comics.

He has a suit that allows him to hack systems and turn invisible or intangible (but not both at the same time). He's originally an Iron Man villain.

They gender-swapped him for the movie, I'm excited to see what else they've updated.
She's been doing unhinged in Killjoys for about a season now. 
I bet [she's being manipulated or coerced somehow into secretly doing Lawrence Fishburnes bidding.](#spoiler)
I thought she was very underwhelming in Ready Player One, hoping she's better here though!
Context from the trailer makes me think 65 feet.
Edit: maybe if even more people tell me it's from civil war I'll believe them.
They did that in Guardians 2 though
The biggest one was in Ragnarok 😏🥒
Deadpool 2 is coming out soon so it'll be the comedy relief for Infinity war.
We got Dwayne Johnson’s Skyscraper movie instead. 
That's been part of their formula - the stranger the premise (i.e. Dr. Strange / Guardians of the Galaxy / Ant Man), the lighter the overall tone of the movie.

If they treated any of those stories with the same serious tone of a Captain America movie, I think they would have bombed at the box office.
More likely the post credits sequence. The movies are always self contained products, and something like that is too great a development to be present in the frame of the story.
Turns out his daughter was the villain all along, pulling the strings in a demented and truly horrifying scheme to ensure that she gets all the most horrifying pets and dollies.

Also, was the giant ant from the first one playing the fucking drums at one point?
I’m already bracing myself for (hopefully inaccurate SPOILER) is [theoretical and tangential spoiler](/s “Scott’s daughter to vanish in front of his eyes.”)
Fun is clearly what they consider when balancing the cinematic universe. 
Its insane how one of the darkest superhero movies I've ever seen still managed to be a lot of fun from start to finish.  Also, how in the hell did Marvel do a dark movie better than anything in the DCEU?  Dark was supposed to be their thing, but Marvel just steps in and says, "Nah, this is how you do dark."
as all things should be
shouldn't be anywhere near any social media that easily shows comments tbh. 
Half of you shouldn’t be here
Stan Lees cameo 
Just like the first Ant-Man was a chill follow-up to Ultron, this one will be the follow-up to Infinity War. Ready for some Luis to lessen the pain from IW.
A drumming ant. Lol

That's what I love about the Ant-Man style of comedy. It's a distinct kind of zany from Guardians and Thor: Ragnarok comedy.
If they kill this ant off like Antony, I’ll be thoroughly pissed off.
You can say that again.
It takes place before or alongside Infinity War. Same with Captain Marvel. There will be no films that take place between Infinity War and Avengers 4. 
it takes place before IW
>!Same prediction but with his daughter or possibly someone else.!<
Oh snap. That would be epic.
Pretty sure it's gonna end with [a kid in a wheelchair falling into a ravine while an alien watches](#spoiler)
I'm anticipating an end credits scene where he gets a call from Hawkeye and they compare notes :(
I hope that Brolin snaps his fingers at some point in DP2
Something tells me they'll do the opposite of the first film.

Instead of them being small, they'll be massive (considering the trailer brings up ant man being able to grow in size as well now multiple times). It'll be somewhere partially deserted (so they won't be destroying skyscrapers), but still acting like Godzilla and smashing trucks and small buildings like it's nobodies business.
I have a feeling they'll use him as a giant lampshade whenever something a bit too plot convenient happens. You know, like they did in this trailer.
Scott's significantly more experienced in this one though, it'll be cool to see him progress.
Was gonna say. I can already tell that kitchen fight is gonna be a top tier MCU scuffle.
No one really did shrinking powers on screen before. All of the powers presented were super strength, speed, and some sort of energy/telekinesis. They're pretty hot and fresh. 
Omg..... Could you imagine. If any marvel movie has the balls to pull this off it would be an Ant Man movie. 
Damn. I feel like that's so fucking poetic you just spoiled the ending of the movie for me. Like wtf do you work for Disney? 
I was thinking along the same lines. I'd love to see Ant Man play a large role in the next movie.
Wasp is [confirmed for A4. It won’t be her. I think most of the supporting characters will be ashed.](#spoiler)


The movie doesn’t have to be huge scale to be an enjoyable movie after IW.  I think it’ll be a great breather, and Ghost looks like an interesting villain
If you combine the first teaser with this one, you'll know Scott is on house arrest with an ankle bracelet. The ant has that bracelet on it. They're spoofing stuff so that Scott can go be ant-man and help hank.
I'm guessing it's from Paul Rudd controlling him. Still fucking weird and I love it lol
I hope it's not a Kangaroo Jack moment.
Yes, but he's probably talking about the winter antony. 
I would watch this.
Destroy the Geth
It's what's popular today and why IW is so popular. I think everybody is sick in the head. 
It's totally going to be Cassie.
I understood that reference.
No she's not. That's still the blue and bronze outfit.  Wasp is going high because she has wings
Also looks like a red wasp in the tomato scene.  And wasn’t there mention of losing their equipment?  May not be hank and Janet but rather the current two using the old suits
ANTS
It is.
My guess is that the end credits scene will have them see breaking news about the battle in Wakanda, and then Evangeline Lily’s character will dissolve.
But....Black Panther was successful. 
I DO know, I'm just being vague to avoid spoilers.
I found this one more fun tbh and now I’m more excited for it
Probably will fill in some post-*Civil War* stuff with Scott. And I'm betting the main story could be set right before *Infinity War*.
Yes. Thank you. I hate the misuse of that wonderful term. 
Jesus
Maybe that's why it only made 600 million.
The real question is how many Justice Leagues will it make?

https://i.imgur.com/rdZkyWH.jpg

Every movie since Civil War has made at least 1 Justice League.  Ant-Man was the last movie to fall short of the mark.
The original Ant Man was a ridiculous concept and still made over $500 million. With his addition to Civil War and coming off of Infinity War its possible that there is real chance this one could be much bigger then the original Ant\-Man. I would venture to say $800 million isn't out of the realm of possibility.
Maybe, but it is going to make more than Justice League. Also, good reviews coupled with the Infinity War hook may get it there. 
And lockjaw. Because if you're gonna have weird shit happen, then it better have lockjaw.
Yes but it’s funnier to say he jumped ship.
Depends on their contracts 
Ant-Mac and Me
Why wouldn't you click? That is the extended scene. You only see a small clip on Conan
I'm surprised they showed Thanos in the preview, to be honest.
Conan had an ensemble interview for IW. 
*takes cookies out of the oven*

*farts*

"Mmm smells good, don't they?"

again!
I was not expecting to get sent back so hard.
I find him less quippy and more of a lovable doofus.  He doesn't usually intend to be funny when he is. E.g. "What time zone is this?"
And talks to ants. I'm not sure Wasp can do that in the movie
And has a monologuing Michael Peña for a friend.
mommy
I hope this doesn’t awaken something in me.
Oh, wow.... ummmm... I was not expecting to feel this way... 
I'm with Hawkeye I too had those dreams.
That's a really sad strength to have when your value as a person is that you have less value.
Probably why he can become giant and Wasp can't. That tech is still risky (said by Scott himself in Civil War) so Pym  doesn't allow Hope to use it. 
And probably one of the most iconic Spider-man scenes:

https://i.imgur.com/W0pGdkt.jpg
Well I'm talking about not physical strength. That's what Hope has in skill and ability. But having someone you care about that you are willing to give your life for is a powerful asset.

Even in the first film, [when he goes microverse, it was his bond with his daughter that gave him the strength to pull himself out, something Hank thought was previously impossible.](#spoiler)
Yeah, I haven't seen Ant-Man in a while, but I get the impression that she's more like "This is what this technology was designed to do, and I know exactly how to execute it" while he's more of "If this can be used to do A, B and C, why not do X as well?"
Pfff, call me when she's wearing Revenant.
Definitely a bladedancer with blink 
Destiny 2 killed Destiny 
Wonder if they kept the whole "I never get out of my suit for anything!" Schtick. Otherwise, I'd be happy if the apartment is a literal mess.
Can he manipulate matter or only herself?
Nah, she's working for Baskin-Robbins
I politely disagree :)

I think that conversation happens before the ferry scene. The people on the ferry are on average 6 feet tall, and there's about 6 to 7 of those that would be the same height as his head.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Body_proportions says "An average person is generally 7-and-a-half heads tall (including the head)."

So he's about 270 to 300 feet tall there.
I think the 65 feet reference is from Civil War.
Also an actual penis joke. 
Although Deadpool isn't a part of marvel studios yet
I think they just dialed up the weird over time. We started with "What you call science and what we call magic are the same" where you had mostly human looking aliens using mostly tech looking stuff, to talking Racoons and "Oh, Earth has Wizards now" slowly over 10 years.

They very carefully rolled out the weird.  People would have laughed at a giant purple man showing up at the end of Iron Man 1, but now he gets in a magic fight with a blue cyborg and an actual wizard and nobody blinks.
Thor definitely embraced the wack with Ragnarok. It was basically the best Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy movie ever made. Just without the H2G2 characters. 
Yes they got their whole "this movie needs to be a Super Hero Action Blockbuster" phase in the last few years. Spiderman was a coming of age high school dramedy staring Spiderman, he even had to earn the respect of his prom date's dad.
On point, Marvel has been doing this since the 40s. The super hero universe stuff we know today started in the 60s and they've gotten quite good at it. It's important to remember that Marvel is a company first and foremost, which means they have a guideline philosophy for designing the best products.

Stan Lee isn't CEO or anything, he's just a board member, but he helped create what he calls "The Marvel Method." He describes it in a very loose and eccentric way because, well, he's Stan Lee, but it boils down to "imagine the black box that the market needs, then do your best to describe it. Take that prompt to the artists and let them do their thing. Rile them up, get them excited, give them rules, and set up deadlines, but don't ever get in the way."

For example, one of Marvel's most successful comics is Fantastic Four. The market told them that this is because super heroes, even ones with problems, read more like they're doing a job, while the Fantastic Four was the story of a family with relatable interactions (X-men also did this in an orphan-y kind of way). The Fantastic Four also tends to get into space, which is important because that cosmic setting is needed to set up the big-time villains like Thanos. Marvel knows to do this shit piecemeal, *because comics.* **BUT,** Marvel Studios couldn't make a Fantastic Four movie because they sold the film rights to Fox to avoid bankruptcy back when the comic books weren't selling. So, what IP did they have that could be tweaked to fill that niche? *The Guardians of the Galaxy.* You've got most of the FF archetypes in there plus a silly raccoon named Rocket. Perfect. 

Okay, great, now we need a director who can make a good goofy comedy about a ragtag group of five misfits who stumble their way into saving the day, while also forming a strong familial relationship. This guy also needs to be able to write and direct an entirely CGI comic-relief talking animal without being super cringey; we definitely don't want a Jar Jar ruining the movie. Who did they give it to? ***James Gunn,*** the guy who wrote the live action *Scooby Doo* movies. Five misfits, comedy, disorganized, family, CGI talking animal... this guy ticks every box. Those movies didn't do so great, but kids loved it, the writing was clever, and the characters are actually pretty well-defined for what they are. Plus, Gunn's better movies (Super, Slither) are pretty good at capturing a campy feel while also making you care about the characters. Oh, and *he'll do it for cheap because his career isn't taking off, he's hungry for the opportunity, and he's pleasant to work with.* **We got our guy.** ^^^Same ^^^goes ^^^for ^^^most ^^^of ^^^the ^^^cast.

So, give him the ticket to the chocolate factory.  Put him and other talented individuals in the studio, shut the gates, don't bother them too much, provide support when needed, and you'll likely get a product that sits somewhere between "broke even" and "record breaking."
WB, take notes
This guy gets it. 
Just like the first Ant\-Man movie had a clip for Civil War. A huge change in tone.
There was a fucking movie with a raccoon who is obsessed with explosives... why am I like “wtf” towards the giant ant playing drums.

I’ll see it opening weekend.
Yup. Pet Ant playing drums. 
100% his daughter [gets snapped](#spoiler) at the end. 
Gave me flashbacks to 1989 Rick Moranis.
> Also, was the giant ant from the first one playing the fucking drums at one point?

No stupid, that would be ridiculous. He was *being influenced* to play the drums via Ant-Man's telepathic helmet.
I think [Scott's daughter has been recast for Avengers 4 as an older teen due to a probable time skip after the snappening](#spoiler)
There's a way to mark spoilers in the sidebar. This is decidedly not it.
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
Hey, it puts a smile on my face!
I wasn't anywhere on social media a few days before the movie even released. Just to be safe.

[removed]
I would pay good money for luis to recap all of the mcu with that cut away montage they did in the first ant man 
Spoilers: Jesus - what if Luis was culled in the snap? I don't even want to know the answer to that...
Even worse- its gonna get eaten by a seagull :(

Except the giant pet ant. Hell be arrested by the police for aiding and abetting a known criminal. 
 Paul Rudd's jolly laugh is what we need right now 
that again. 
> Same with Captain Marvel.

Negative. Captain Marvel primarily takes place in the 90's.

Ninja edit: which would align with your "before" statement. Just very before.
1. I think anything that has to do with the [finger snap](#spoiler) will likely be saved for a post-credits scene.

2. I'm sure [Cassie will be fine if the film does reference the end to Infinity War, as a teenage version of her character is supposed to appear in Avengers 4.](#spoiler)
I see what you did there. 
And deadpool stops and thanks god for still being alive
And then Deadpool to freak the FUCK out before being like ohhh wait...wrong brolin!
I call Alcatraz Battle
Them working together will be great as well based on what we get in this trailer.
Okay, that's genius, and the perfect oddball thing for this movie to do. Giant ant playing drums not weird enough? Giant ant playing drums wearing an ankle bracelet to make feds believe it's Scott under house arrest? Oscar for Best Screenplay.
Weird how with all the tech going around since the Battle of New York, including special super-hero-stopping stuff (like The Raft), they're using a thing like an ankle bracelet for Scott.
Calling it now, he's doing it for his daughter's birthday.
"ALAN"
Kangaroo Jack was the moment we as kids learned that the world is a terribly cruel place that wants to hurt us with lies of talking kangaroos. 
*rips off mask*

Who the hell is Ant-ony?

Steve Rogers: I really miss the days when the weirdest thing science ever created was me.
Creator 'Zorah, does this unit have a soul?
Maybe you gotta see the bad shit to appreciate the good shit.  Sometimes, you lose.  So you pick yourself up, you dust yourself off and you RIP THE UNIVERSE ANOTHER FUCKING ASSHOLE - THANOS, YOU PURPLE USED ASS-PLUG, WE'RE COMING FOR YA
[removed]
Ever see a man say goodbye to a shoe?
I suddenly want a MCU parody with puppets now.
https://imgur.com/paSFBjV

That's clearly a wasp outfit with wings, but she's red. Plus a few seconds prior you can see the Ant-Man costume still has a bunch of wires on it like the original suit..
[Ant-Man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyGwMqMCta4)
^^^^^^ANTS
[ANT-MAN!](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=K5le9sYdYkM).
I don't know about you, but my guess is that it's set before Infinity War. 
I don't know that they'd take they want to take the Wasp out of commission like that when she hasn't been in an Avengers movie yet. I could see them both happening to make it. Luis and Scott's daughter fading would be the real heartbreakers 
I'm sure Wasp will be fine by the end of the end credits. [Her father, on the other hand (if the end credits do go that route)...](#spoiler)
“Panther” without the Black part is kinda a lame name.  With the other ones the black part has no reason to be there
In that case "black" is the colour of the panther, not the hero
Personally I find myself more interested because after IW this feels like a breather rather than a distraction.
R.I.P Harris Wittels
was black too, probably
That is an awesome graphic. It also absolutely blows my mind that Guardians of the Galaxy out performed Justice League.
Kimmel had 4 ensemble interviews with different members of the cast each night.

Conan had to create a mini studio for the interview, cause the cast wouldn't waste time going to Burbank where his show is taped. 
*grabs morpheus by the head*

*farts*

"It's the smell! I feel.. saturated by it!"
*Shits his pants*

"He's starting to believe"
Me neither! I forgot about Morpheus. Usually it's Limewire that's remembered after the Napster debacle. 
Does anyone have any orange slices? 
"Lovable doofus" will be on Paul Rudd's tombstone.
Yeah, Paul Rudd is just a national treasure.
I agree I don't think he makes jokes asuch as he is just funny. 
"Oh, man!  I *thought* it was a water truck..."
She did it better than him in the first movie. 
Logically one would assume that she can talk to wasps. 
Definitely too late for that
But it is valuable!
Basically what happened with Legends of Tomorrow.  
meh. Scott probably isn't forced into anything by this point. Total self determination. Hank being more cavalier with Scott's life than his daughter's isn't a sad thing as much as it is a mutually understood reality in relation to the nature of the father daughter relationship. Patronizing to her? Sure. Sad? meh
I also couldn't imagine the Wasp still being able to fly if she did become giant. But what is science in the Ant-Man world anyway.
Wait, there's an Ant-Man AND a Spider-Man now? 
Superblack or you're a busta
Destiny 2 certainly killed my Destiny addiction. My wife thanks Destiny 2
How does bathroom happen?
A nevernude?
Ghost can bring along whatever he's holding to be invisible and/or intangible as well, so he can steal things
They did the math. 
Ya, there's going to be a scene where he tweaks and it lets the suit make him even bigger than the biggest he's gotten, which was 65 feet but will now be something even bigger.
[deleted]
Remember when Thor was the weirdest moat fantastical thing in MCU? Now we got wizards. 
As opposed to DC which is 'Oh you're done with your movie? Does it have rap? Our focus groups like rap.'
Finally someone other than me sees it. Marvel studios just dod what marvel comics did in the 60s. They created a continuity in the movie very similar to the books.

Stan and Jack dared to ask: Why is Green Lantern in this months JLA when he is in deep space inhis own book this month?

They changed that but it was also a way to sell the other book. They would make an editors note: "Where is Thor? Find out in his book this month" It worked very very well and they dominated comics with it. Disney saw Marvel was going to do the same thing with films and snapped them up. Look at the result, Marvel is dominating the Box office and has brought Sony begging to their foor and Fox to their knees. The DCEU wishes they were Thor the Dark world much less Avengers. 

All due to the marvel method of not insulting your readership. Stan and Jacks fingerprints are all over the films if you know what to look for.
To be completely fair, James Gunn also managed to make a good movie out of a plot about parasitic slugs, which is no easy task. Well, that and the most brutal take down in any superhero movie in Super.
James Gunn was behind the Scooby movies?

I rewatched GotG 2 recently and aside from some cringy jokes and occasionally weak dialogue, the movie was well shot and had some great emotionally impactful moments. Some of the action sequences alone, such as with the arrow, made the movie by themselves. 

That came from Scooby Doo? 
They aren't.
[Yeah, but the way they did it still fit in with the rest of the movie.](https://youtu.be/Oj2u_obs3n0)
Oh my god absolutely, I'll see it at 7 PM Thursday like I see all of them.
He better be playing Alien Ant Farm.
[I'm not sure. I heard his daughter is in Avengers: Untitled Sequel. Though I also heard they cast a teenager, so we may be looking at a time skip.](#spoiler)

[But it does look like we may be getting Stature in the MCU. Who the heck saw that coming?](#spoiler)
Snappening.. lol
***Triggered***
So glad that line didn't make it into the movie, cause as cool as it sounds it doesn't fit Thanos's character
same here, instagram i only looked at posts, twitch i hid comments and avoided reddit before i watched it. 
I journeyed to Tibet without my phone and locked myself in a monastery and I overheard a monk say "did you hear about Gamora?"
[removed]
You shut your whore mouth! 
Spoilers 
So right, there is this girl who knows this guy who knows this other guy who is looking for some stones...
Now say it like a pirate.
Yes, that's what I meant. Ant-Man takes place before or alongside, CM takes place well before. I could've been clearer. 
Itll probably be a frame story, like the 1st Cap movie. The beginning will be her [getting a page](#spoiler) and hopping in a ship, and the end will be her getting back to Earth, and those scenes will take place between IW and A4, but the middle will all be flashback. 

Maybe its light hearted, maybe we see her having to fly commerical and go through Kree airport security and its all her telling the story to an annoyed Aaskavariian in the next seat. 
Wait really? Do you have a source for that second part?
I dunno, I'm of the mindset that Avengers 4 will involve [using the Quantum Realm to travel back in time, so maybe since time has no actual meaning in that dimension, they hop around a bit before they get to where they actually want to go and so find themselves in a further future first, before going back into the past](#spoiler)
Perfectly balanced.
Haha I do remember them having a pet ant at the end of the first movie, this is definitely it
He has the ankle monitor on so he might just be posing as Scott while he is doing antman stuff
Snow Dogs did the same with dogs.
[Who the hell is Antony?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CK-ixbgVAAAmcOY.jpg)
I love that attitude. :) 

Personally I've had more than enough death in my life (and less than many at that) to ever want or need to watch heroes die on screen.

But damn if your words didn't put a smile on my face. :) Thanks!
I keep thinking maybe everyone actually got sent to an alternate universe. What if Spiderman is his point of view with the ones who "died" being the only survivors
I see now. You linked to 1:30 which is a different Wasp shot than 1:35
It is.
>Luis and Scott's daughter fading would be the real heartbreakers 

Oh man, I hadn't considered that possibility. Peter going was hard enough as a parent, them doing this I don't think I could take the feels. 
Black panthers are an actual thing, though. Like, an actual animal. The "Black" is a part of the animal's name. 
It's a better movie
*Morpheus charges to the ledge*

*farts just as he launches off*
Thinks for thanking of me!
I still don't get that joke. Was it a reference to something?
That's because she knows more about the tech than he does, has basically been training her whole life to use it, is the daughter of the guy who built it, and even taught Scott how to fight in the first film.

In this case, it makes total sense that she'd take to it quicker than he did.
wasps are dicks though so not sure why you would want to talk to them.
Worthlessness is worth something 
**Scott:** Hank, I think you meant to call me *in*valuable. You said *un*valuable.

**Hank:** Right.

**Scott:** Yeah, but "right" to *in*valuable or *un*valuable?

**Hank:** Have you ever heard of Schrodinger's Cat?

To start, sure. Now LoT is the best show in the CWverse and we're clamoring for everyone to get in on it.

For god's sake, they defeated a time demon with a 50\-foot Furby. It was amazing.
The science is fine!

Everything is Pym Particles.

There, science.
Maybe the aux tech doesnt scale? Wings would be difficult, but her blaster, too; would it become like the jaeger plasmacaster?


Cryptographic pls.
Me too the DLC is out soon and im not excited whatsoever
Phasing possibly? Or a zipper or compartment that opens would do it.


I don't remember him never getting out of his suit but I remember him smelling terrible in the comics due to intense paranoia/OCD. He doesn't bathe often. 
Make the shit and piss intangible so it just falls through the body and suit, becomes tangible again, and hits the ground in plops and splashes, all while Ghost is on the move to the next big score.

 Imagine intentionally holding onto some diarrhea before a fight just so you can instantly drop it on the floor using your ghost powers as a smelly distraction and hazard for the heroes to slip on in a brawl.

This lady means business.
Shit through the suit probably.
Batman beyond had a ghostlike character die by falling into the center of the earth infinitly. Wonder if that will happen here
> They ~~did~~ guessed wildly at the math.

FTFY
And the “pulled you off” hammer joke
Avengers 2. Playing a game of hide the pickle.


Remember when he was just an alien who happened to be regarded as a god in Earth/Midgard myth?

Now he and other Asgardians are _literally_ gods.
So that's it? What, we some kinda Suicide Studio?
Yessir. I also agree that it's important to bring up Ditko and Kirby. Stan Lee likes to take credit because he considered himself higher up the ladder, since he was the main editor and tended to be super charismatic. He's your run-of-the-mill Male New Yorker from the 50's & 60's, really; you just have to read between the lines and parse through the big-fish-story bullshit with those guys.

What actually happened is that he'd bring them the black box idea in the form of scattered thoughts (He's a kid, lives with an elderly family member, gets caught between being a teenager and fighting crime, with great power comes great responsibility, and his name is Spider-Man), and then either Kirby or Ditko would stitch it all together into something tangible. It was a true team effort between extremely talented, albeit ridiculously ego-driven people.
>DCEU wishes they were Thor the Dark world much less Avengers.

Brutal
> The DCEU wishes they were Thor the Dark world much less Avengers.

Someone call the fire department!

He made an Animorphs movie?
Well, he wrote them for hire and they were directed by the hack who is Raja Gosnell.
Yea, IIRC it was one of his first feature-length screenplays. His first was Thirteen Ghosts, which is pretty campy and has the guy who played Shaggy in it, so that's probably why he got the job. 

Apparently the studio was pretty restrictive and the movie got hacked to bits in post to make it more kid-friendly. Gunn says that an R-rated cut exists where Shaggy is a stoner, Daphne and Velma have to make out to fix the body-swap curse, and a few other things. They even went back with CGI to tone down cleavage. The movie still has a lot of residual innuendo and reads like a watered-down version of that Brady Bunch movie, so I kinda believe him on that lol.
Ron Howard: They weren't.
Dust to dust makes me want to call it the snapture, personally.
Cable will say it in DP2.
Yeah, that's a good point. Thanos' characterization based on the movie had hardly any levity, for once.
Filthy casuals. I carved out my eyes to avoid spoilers. 
"I don't wanna go."
'i dont wanna go mang'
Dread it
Paul Rudd’s jolly laugh is what we need right now, aaarrrr
It's all good. I read/responded too quickly for my own good and hate deleting comments. :)
>Maybe its light hearted, maybe we see her having to fly commerical and go through Kree airport security and its all her telling the story to an annoyed Aaskavariian in the next seat. 

I like this idea.
[deleted]
I tell people I see Infinity War as [Empire Strikes Back](#spoiler
) and Avengers 4 will be [Back To The Future Part 2](#spoiler).
Oh shit, I just realized he could easily just shrink himself to get the thing off.
What is Antony?
DORMAMMU I'VE COME TO BARGAIN 
Right. Panther is a genus(?) of larger cats, not an actual animal. Black and White Panthers exist.  
Well, they made Man of Steel, Batman v Superman, Suicide Squad, and Wonder Woman before, all which fell way short of the mark (*super unpopular opinion but I thought WW was earnestly a 4-5/10. Some of the worst supporting characters with meaningless subplots, every cliche in the book, and no consistency to her powerlevels/abilities through the film*).

Guardians was amazing. It was masterfully done, had a completely unique vibe (*that hilariously enough, the DCU tried to piggyback off of with Suicide Squad and failed miserably*), and all the characters/subplots seemed to matter and were intriguing.

GotG was 10x that even the best DCU movie has attempted to put out. I am absolutely convinced that had Wonder Woman lacked the social-agenda backing that it had, that it would have been just as poorly of received.


I got something kinda big, but I can't hold it very long. 
Him geeking out over Cap was my favorite part of Civil War
Yeah I’m ready arrow guy!
I know you too, you're awesome!
When children play sports they often have a snack of orange slices afterwards. 
Then what the hell is even the point of Ant-Man?
"Hey wasps!  Go sting that guy in the dick!  He was talking about your momma!"

I'd run.  I'd run so fucking fast.
It *did* get him the job in the first place, after all.

That and, ya know, his actual skillset.
Pym particles ain't gotta explain shit.
D2 vanilla was a let down. CoO was a letdown. Warmind does look...... A lot better than what we currently have.
Oh, I'm imagining it, alright. 
I'm thinking that by the end of the movie, Ghost isn't a villain anymore

In the comics he's more of an anti-hero lately; I assume Walton Goggins' character will be more uniformly antagonistic
> Batman beyond had a ghostlike character die by falling into the center of the earth infinitly. Wonder if that will happen here 

Ian Peek, the incorporeal reporter!

That arc was fantastically done showing how the belt that gave him his abilities was gradually making him more sick.  
That said, until that final scene where gravity gets the best of him, his abilities were way too overpowered and Terry didn’t have shit to work with.  

Unless we see Ghost seeing some sort of ‘drawbacks’ from the tech (which is a possibility granted with how they have discussed negative impacts of the abilities in Ant Man so far), they are going to have to shrink and grow a bunch of weird stuff to win.

I’m excited to see Ghost in action.  It’s like how The Twins from The Matrix should have operated (and didn’t get a lot of much needed screen time for).
> They ~~guessed wildly at the math~~ statistics.

Edited that for you.
*Hide the Zucchini. A PICKLE. Not enough GIRTH, HOLANZ. YOU OAF. 
> I miss the days when the weirdest thing science created was me.  
  
\- Captain America \-
We're the bad studio.  It's what we do.
Haha this never gets old for me.  
It is important but in retrospect, the biggest piece of evidence to suggest that Stan Lee was indeed just as if not more important to the early Marvel characters and stories was what Ditko produced after he left Marvel. He just didn't have it in him to create relatable characters that people actually wanted to read, most of his stuff was just right wing Objectivist propaganda. Stan Lee is quite progressive and that characterized a lot of what Marvel put out in terms of characters. Funnily enough Ditko is like the Zack Snyder of comics, respected for his visual flair (Doctor Strange in particular was groundbreaking) but not so much his writing or characterization (and they're both Objectivists).
Yes it is and it's too bad too.  I would have loved to see a proper JLA film after all JLA:Unlimited is so great a show and for that magic to be confined to the small screen and not leap to the big screen is tragedy.

This is a perfect example of when a studio doesn't see these characters as living breathing people but rather just an IP to exploit. Just a world of difference. 
They should make an animorphs movie actually. Wonder why they didn't. It would be ALL the early 00's nostalgia. 
You can become Daredevil now. I'd say it's a win win situation.
And here come the tears.
>"I don't wanna go homie."


Run from it
[removed]
I mean its not a bad idea, but otoh i kinda feel like they already Forrest Gumped us w/ IM3 and hope they do something more clever than the obvious. 
That doesn't mean she's fine. Could be some alternate time line or time travel shtick. Or thanos just plain fucking with him 
I'm all kinds of down with this.
I've got one better!

*Why* is Antony?
What is this? 
[deleted]
I thought Wonder Woman was by far the best of the ones you listed, besides GotG. I would've rated it a 6.5/7 out of 10. Everything else you said I agree with, however. 
Oh, I thought that was a water truck
American thing?
For a real answer: Hank didn't want to put her in danger, he eventually came around by the end of the movie. 
so she has a partner to watch her back, did you even watch the trailer?
The point was that Hank wanted someone who was expendable. He didn't want to use his daughter. 

But now, Scott has proven himself, and Hank has finally realized that his daughter should get a chance, too. 
He's expendable.
2 > 1
Ant man is an experienced thief, which means he* has some experience with stealth as well as a different mindset to an engineer/scientist. This is important when working out plans.

*ostensibly. 
Basically: Hank was freaked out that he lost his wife to the shrinking technology and refused to let his daughter use it for fear of losing her as well. So he lures in Scott Lang as an expendable guy to do his dirty work and not risking his daughter’s life (which she grumbles about a LOT since she’s willing to risk it) but in the end he gives in and presents her with a suit as well. So now there are two fighters in the Pym stable with slightly different abilities and two is better than one. 
"Fuck you, you're not my real mom."  
  
~Every wasp's response
"SHE INSULTED THE QUEEN!"

"Which one is the queen?"

"I'm the queen!"

"No you're not."
DEM CROWDER BOIS UP TO NO GOOD AGAIN
She'll need to stick around for the **Thunderbolts**.
I'm still depressed. Still. And I have no inclination to see Ant-Man now (of course I'm going to)! It was basically if Deathly Hallows Part 1 and the Empire Strikes Back had a threesome with George RR Martin. The literal Red Wedding of Marvel films.
Luis' ashes arrives all the same.
But nobody ever asks, how is Antony.
A reference. 
Why is this?
Ah, that's what I was forgetting! Black Panthers are just black fur Leopards and Jaguars. You're right.
I haven't been to any kids soccer games in any other countries so I wouldn't know for sure.  But feeding children a healthy snack can't be exclusively american. 
Also a UK thing. I used to have orange slices at half time. 
Canada thing, can confirm.  Half-time oranges.

It's true, you can't make a thing go right with just one. 
Misread that as “expandable.” Still worked.
To be fair, Scott Lang has an electrical engineering degree, which he used some of that knowledge to initially break into the vault. But you're right that he brings a different mindset, and was also expendable to Hank.
"The Rains of Titan" should've started playing right before the snap
It's more than a healthy snack it's meant to replenish electrolytes or something ( I don't know the specifics I just know it's sports-specific nutrition)
I’ve heard that it takes two to make it out of sight. 
I guess that's the fancy new name for Thanos's meteor strike!
*And who, are you, the Avenger said*
