I have a VERY strong feeling that they've already hoodwinked us. Someone in that final shot at Wakanda is actually dead. Like when they edited out Spiderman from the Civil War trailer.
Hope they don't nerf Thor in this one. We saw in Ragnarok how powerful he is.
Sitting on his throne - full ornate golden armour

Going into battle - casual wear

Thanos logic, apparently.

Looks sick. Still curious how the fuck they'll balance out time between all those characters. Hopefully nobody gets Hawkeye'd.
[deleted]
Remember when 5 superheroes teaming up was a big deal?
So they decided not to edit Thor's eye this time. I'm so glad they brought back Alan Silvestri's theme it's so good.
Some things I noticed:

-Seems like Loki is stepping over dead asgardians

-Thanos has the power and space stones

-the wakanda battle is pretty much the team that left at the end of Civil War. Maybe Wakanda had the soul stone?
Spidey’s new suit looks so goddamn cool its a shame it’s probably not gonna last. 

I hope the Hulkbuster showing up confirms that rumor from forever ago where Banner pilots the suit 
It looks like Tony is going to have his own realizations and reflections. Maybe none of this would've happened if he hadn't become Iron Man? Idk, maybe he'll sacrifice himself. I can't wait to see. 
This fucker is getting all the stones by the end of that movie. Holy shit. 
Can't wait to see young children's reactions to seeing the heroes they've grown up idolizing through these movies get brutally murdered by a very angry grape
Teenager Groot!
>Who the hell are you guys?

Starlord, man.
I would give anything to go back in time a decade and show this trailer to anyone nervous about *Iron Man*.
Cap with the beard looking sexy
Spidey senses and the badass spidersuit!
I feel like there is so much not in this trailer... which is great. We only saw maybe two major battles, in NY and Wakanda. I imagine we aren’t seeing at all the final battle of this movie. Which is cool. 
Needs more "kid in a wheelchair going over a cliff".
[deleted]
They even have a postcredit scene in a goddamn trailer!!!
RIP Vision
Anyone else got goosebumps hearing that Alan Silvestri score again?
Good god, Chris Evans with a beard is just something else...
I hope cap asks tony at some point “so should we call up the UN and get permission to fight these guys per the accords or.....?”
Where is Ant-Man :(
Is it just me or does Thanos look like a swollen purple Bruce Willis?
A decade in the making, the MCU has been an incredible feat.  At times I've been bored and even offput by some of the outlying films or TV shows but the core has been an incredible journey and I genuinely hope this is the conclusion that the series deserves.
I'm sure the MCU will live on (what plans are in place beyond this already?) but it will be nice to have a complete saga compartmentalised from Iron Man in 2008 right through to this, the vision to build in so many back stories and plan for future films in the uncertain world of cinema has been unmatched.
Edit: Grammar
I think that spidey sense arm hair shot pretty much sums up the standard reaction to this trailer.
who needs sex when you can have trailers
I am not ready to say goodbye to whatever hero dies in this film. 
Man, this was fucking gold

Human Vision, I wonder what's up with that?

Thanos looks realer and his eyes human-like

Battle of Wakanda looks absolutely astonishing - and OUTRIDERS

"Fun really isn't something one considers when balancing the universe. But this... does put a smile on my face." BRING IT ON, BABY

I know people who have no idea that the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy inhabit the same universe at all. I can't wait to see their reactions.

Was I the only one expecting them to say "Avengers Assemble?". I really liked each member uttering the words of the first movie.
I almost thought they forgot about the Guardians for a minute.
"I've believed in raw hype like this once before...
It didn't scare me enough then... it does me now."
Well, would you look at that. For some reason I feel compelled to watch every single Marvel movie again.
“Someone get this man a shield” 

Best line of the trailer. 
Vision is human 

And looks like wakanda has the last stone 
That whole time I thought that the battle with Iron Man, Spider-Man, and Thanos took place in space. Now I see it was all in New York. This makes me think we still have one more major battle, probably in space with all the Avengers together, and hopefully Thanos will have all his armor on then.
love the scene where vision is getting mind stone forehead fucked. 
Let's take a moment to appreciate that we are getting a new Star Wars movie **and** the biggest marvel movie to date in the next 6 months. What a time to be alive.
Pretty sure that was Thanos choke slamming Spidey there. 

Something nobody thought possible 4 years ago. 

God bless Marvel
Thanos has 2 stones already in the trailer, could this movie really end with the finger snap?!
My dad raised me on all things Marvel. It was a tradition for us to see each Marvel movie together in theaters. He passed away in July. I saw Ragnarok without him, and now this. Man, he would be so damn stoked over this trailer. We'd be nerding out over it together if he were here. 
Boom! You looking for this?
Holy shit LOOK AT THAT SUIT
I haven't been this hyped for a movie in a long time. 
3 hours, 45 minutes to go until I need to see a doctor about this erection...
WHERE IS MY MAN CLINT BARTON
I like how how Peter's arm hair stands up to portray his Spidey senses
[deleted]
I knew that little shit took the Tesseract. He just couldn’t help himself. 
That full on battle looks amazing
As a DC fan, I wish I could be anywhere close to this hyped for our movies.
Josh Brolin is going to have a huge summer.
[deleted]
“We’re the Guardians of the Galaxy, bitch”


I bet ant man gets real small and goes up Thanos' pee hole and then starts tearing him apart from the inside out. 
1:29 - That's Hulk in the Hulkbuster. No doubt.
Quick! Look for Sombra clues!
*"Fun isn't something one consideres when balancing the universe. But this, this does put a smile on my face..."*  

And we see Thanos putting one infinity stone onto the gauntlet.
TIL that Chris Evans should definitely play Solid Snake/Big Boss.
[deleted]
Looking forward to Dr. Stange "Thanos, I've come to Bargain" scene xD
Why does Chris Pratt look like he came 3rd in Chris Pratt lookalike contest?
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Give Movie War Infinity 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
So who's gonna die folks?
Did Marvel seriously make 19 films in 10 years (by the time this premieres unless I miscounted) in one cinematic universe and made most of these films actually very good and loved by all audiences? God damn Disney has and will continue to make so much money for this.
I am so very pumped for this. I have shamelessly loved every single Marvel movie thus far (Thor Ragnarok is probably my new favorite) and this made me tingle. I can't wait!
Never realized how effective the score was to me until I recognized the stripped down plinky piano version at the beginning
Who the hell are you guys?

Lmao fucking loved every single part of this
You just got to love Chadwick's T'Chala!
YES THE WINTER SOLDIER IS COMING BACK

Sebastian Stan my man!
Seeing the Iron Spider on the big screen is a dream come true. 
HOLY SHIT
Im actually quite impressed with the early render of brolins face as thanos. Still think more prosthesis is better, but its not awful. Nothing pisses me off more than ultrons weird mouth movements, or steppenwolf, or azog the defiler... Humanoid villains inexplicably full cg
Why does Thanos look more pink than we have seen him previously?
Mothafuckas act like they forgot about Hawkeye.
I have died everyday, waiting for you

Darling, don't be afraid, I have waited for you for a thousand years

I'll wait for you for a thousand more

I just want Thanos to gain all of the stones, snap his fingers, and have half of universe disappear.
Calling it now, the vision scene is a red herring. No way they would actually spoil his death in a teaser. 
Or how the Thor Ragnarok trailers showed him with both eyes when he landed on the bridge with lightning shooting everywhere. Or how that same trailer showed him and Helya fighting in an alleyway when she destroyed his hammer, instead of out in a field.
No way they nerf Thor now. 
depends how his powers are linked to Asgard and its people
His sister was more powerful. Hell, they had to sacrifice everything just to defeat her. 
he is just that arrogant.

'going into battle, opponents seem useless, best just wear a sweater vest'
Going into battle - casual wear with INFINITY GLOVES. gloves boost all the stats yo
[Thanos is just in town for a visit!](https://www.instagram.com/p/BX3e507hizp/)
I read somewhere its like the more stones he collects the less he feels he needs armour anymore 
I bet John C. Reilly turned traitor and stole it.  Can't trust that guy.  Shake and bake!
Might explain why Gotg get involved.
The purple/power stone does seem likely, as it's a way to draw in the GotG.  I'm not so sure that the second one will be blue/space, though.  Marvel has played little digital tricks with trailers before.  I suspect that it's actually the red/reality stone.  That way, he'll already have all of the off-world stones when he comes to Earth for the last 4.
I remember getting excited seeing Hawkeye in Thor and Black Widow in Iron Man 2
they also have Loki with the Tesseract, which is a minor spoiler since it's left up to debate at the end of Ragnarok (but let's be real we all knew he took it)
I think Alan Silvestri is doing the music for Avengers 3.
> Maybe Wakanda had the soul stone

Maybe the soul stone is the conduit with which T'Challa can commune with the souls of past Panthers? 
Yeah. I had to re-watch that again. I initially thought he was handing over the Tesseract because he's just being Loki. But what if he's handing it over to someone (possibly Thanos) in order to stop more of his (and his brother's) people from being slaughtered.
There's definitely a stone in Wakanda. We've already seen five, so I would assume that the sixth is there. A lot of the trailer looks to take place in Wakanda/Africa, so I'm assuming that's ground zero where Thanos arrives. I think we'll either see it in Black Panther or in the beginning of Infinity War. 
oh no, pls dont let all the asgardians be dead
I'm guessing a double-cross by Loki where everyone thinks he's betrayed them only for him to betray Thanos in the end, leading to Thanos' defeat.
how so? Hulk and War Machine are there? 
Where Banner busts out of the Iron Man suit? I always took that to mean he bust out of the Mark 47, not HulkBuster.
Look at how the Hulkbuster was moving. That's definitely  Banner Hulked out inside it.
I think the big theory is he will sacrifice himself in some way to save Spider-Man because he sees Spider-Man as the future of the Avengers. Also the whole father figure thing.
Isn't this RDJ's last movie as Iron-Man anyway? I'm guessing there will be a sacrifice indeed.
I feel like I'd be more excited for a movie that's just about Thanos getting the stones culminating with him killing Vision to get his. Thanos Quest is one of the best cosmic marvel stories.
Yeah and I bet a lot of people are about to die. 
Yep, rough plot (speculation) for the two movies.

Step 1: Thanos invades

Step 2: Thanos crushes all resistance.  (insert 1-3 hero deaths here)

Step 3:  Every single hero in the MCU comes together to defeat Thanos.  (this is probably in movie 2)

edit:  I'm told Infinity war isn't two movies anymore.  My bad, I hadn't heard.

edit 2:  Warning to others, lots of comments below this have big comic spoilers (I haven't read them myself).
then they'll know how I felt when this happened:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ULg4RSy5Y
Grape you in the mouth!
Didn’t even noticed, that’s great lol
I noticed that too. Gonna be interesting to see how his power plays out in the fighting not having him fully grown
Who's starlord?
Did he always have that mustache or is that new?
*Mantis waves*
[deleted]
How does Thor not know who the guardians off the galaxy are? Don't they fly around the universe doing good?
They would lynch you for spoilers.
I can still vividly remember reading the news story on Superhero Hype that Joss Whedon was directing am Avengers movie after the first Iron Man movie came out. I gave a little cynical smirk and thought, "Yeah, we're never seeing this movie."

Fast forward to this trailer, and it's an unprecedented feat not only that they've come this far, but also that the quality has been so consistent.
You mean Big Boss?
I don't want him to die. He's my favorite Avenger (and Chris Evans is smoking hot). But the beard foretells doom :(
And the dreamy hair oh my god. Chris Evans has clearly won the genetic lottery.
"We don't have rights to Wolverine? Fine, Captain America, you're now Wolverine."
*Iron Spider
"TURN ON INSTANT-KILL!"  
"But you always said--"  
"I KNOW WHAT I SAID!!!"
Also we haven't even seen Ant-Man, Wasp and Hawkeye yet
They left Ant Man out of the trailer for that reason 
What ever happened to you [eating a horse dick](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2kl9sr/marvel_event_live_updates/clmeacm/?context=3) if Beta Ray Bill wasn't in Thor: Ragnarok?

Cause I have you tagged as such and I think you owe us a good ol' sloppy horse dick eating video. 
I really hope Conan have Paul as guest and ask him to show some footage of the infinity war movie
The thing is that they don't need to top it. Every superhero movie having a bigger and bigger scale is mind-numbing. Sometimes the smaller stories are more fun, like Spider-Man: Homecoming. The Punisher series on Netflix had a much smaller scope than The Defenders and that's one of the reasons it was better. We don't always want to see cities blowing up and giant space lasers. People fighting for what they believe in is pretty fun too.
MarvelCeption
Not necessarily. I mean, more than likely yeah. It definitely *should*. But I could easily see this simply depower him, leaving him a mortal  "human" (with a lower power kit), because he spent so much time evolving within, that he won't need the gem to survive.

Now if Thanos cares enough to kill him after he rips out the stone (assuming he survives) is the 64k dollar question.
They definitely were like "We only have one recognizable song in our sleeve, and goddamn, we're milking it to all its worth".

And it worked.

Wouldn't it be a lot weirder if it was one character's song, and not the team song?
I mean, that's pretty much the look he sports whenever he's *not* busy playing Cap.
Check Snow Piercer, if you are a fan of Chris Evans. Not only you will see Chris Evans with a beard, but also you will see Captain America killing people with an axe 
It'd be funny if General Ross says something like, "no go, we're going to negotiate first." Then Thanos annihilates like 71 countries.
First hour of the movie is a political debate inside the UN about whether or not it'd be just to fight Thanos and how this might affect the national sovereignty of Wakanda
He's there .. just very, very, tiny.
Probs left out Ant-Man as 99% of his scenes are with Wasp and they want to keep her under wraps for now. 
"This gauntlet? Used to be Zeds."  
  
"Zeds dead."
Yeah, but easier to work with.

I know people are getting some fatigue but I love it. It reminds me of golden age Disney when they just put out hit after hit. These runs of entertaining movies and franchises are hard to pull off. The consistency they have is solid. I'm going to miss it once it dies out. 
Kevin Feige deserves immense recognition for pulling all of this off. Mans a true fan as well.
Yeah except that instead of arm hair, it's throbbing dong
trailers also last longer
My money is on Loki, if you consider him a "hero". I predict he's going to double cross Thanos at the expense of his life, which would bring his arc to a full circle in a meaningful way.
"Heroes" probably. I'd guess at least Vision and Iron Man. 
Thanos looks like what Steppenwolf should've looked like.
I don't know but if they're going to proceed with the marriage and kids storyline then he needs to be human. The thought of Wanda getting it on with a robot might be a little too out there for Disney.
I'm betting Human Vision is a dream or hallucination. 
"Here's all this cool earth stuff with magic and shit!"

"Oh and the guardians of the galaxy. Almost forgot about that"
Strange, I'm feeling the same thing. What a funny coincidence
What's the order for them?
I really enjoyed Thanos's line: "Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the universe, but this....[laughs]....does put a smile on my face." 

Did anybody else notice the gauntlets Cap seems to be wearing when rushing into battle? Dope. 

And that Iron Man armor is the closest thing I think we've seen to the [Bleeding Edge](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/marveldatabase/images/7/75/Bleeding_Edge_Armor_suit-up_01.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20111209045718) armor. 
I know it would never happen, but it would be immensely awesome if it did:

"Someone get this man a shield"

"You called?"

*Coulson steps out of the shadows*
He only shapeshifted, he isn't actually a human.
Rekon Thor and Hulk fight Thanos in space, Thor is KO'd and drifts into the Guardians - Hulk get blasted back to Earth?
Did you really miss the opportunity to use mindfuck in context?
ALL HAIL THE ALMIGHTY MOUSE
We're actually getting two star wars movies in the next six months. Solo is still slated for May 25 release.
Thanos: Peter's new evil stepdad confirmed!
Choke me Thanos daddy
I had a visceral reaction to that. I was just thinking "you son of a bitch! You leave Spidey alone!" 
How on earth can he survive that?
Would love if he tried to snap his fingers but can't and then it zooms in an Ant Man is holding his fingers apart
What’s the finger snap?
https://gfycat.com/QuestionableVigorousHornet
[Marvel Right Now](https://youtu.be/iQ8tMDytEV8?t=25)
I know people give a lot of shit to the MCU for not having very memorable music, but I'll be damned if I don't get goosebumps every time I hear the Avenger's theme. 
[deleted]
I can't wait for the scene where Star Lord is about to kill Aunt-May and she yells "Peter!" and Star Lord goes, "WHY DID YOU SAY THAT NAME?"
Good thing the movie is coming out in Must Masturbate May
Could you?
Can you blame him though? I would have taken it too. And the Casket of Ancient Winters, cause why not.
It really does. I'm not going to lie I wasn't too hyped for this but fuck this trailer did it for me
Marvel's slow burn approach to the MCU made me much more excited for Infinity War since we have seen these characters develop for years now. DC gave us no time to enjoy the buildup of their universe.
Agreed, this kind of epic was what I was hoping for in Justice League

I bet that badass Wakanda battle won't be cut down into a 30s flashback either :/
!RemindMe 156 Days
So what are we, some kinda Avengers Infinity War Part 1?
Wait you think hulk is inside of that thing. That would be pretty awesome. 
One of The LEGO sets has banner in the hulk buster 
(behind you) *BEEN HERE ALL ALONG!*
One stone, two stone, penny and dime
RAISE YOUR MARVEL DONGERS
I think main ones will be Tony and Cap.
Just watched Thor this past weekend, couldn't agree more. It was stunning!
I know some people think the accent is weird, but it melts my butter.
He's actually perfect in the role.
he's like a mood ring
I would walk 500 miles

Well that was changed because of reshoots. It was intended to be in New York initially. 
You can't nerf a character right before the MCU Championships, it just wouldn't be right. 
RIP its people
Asgard is not a place, it's a people.
She got stabbed like 4 times while fighting and just pulled the spears out and instantly healed, including her clothes. I was baffled by that.
Hey his mom knitted that sweater, watch your mouth. 
Hey man, even if I'm savagely beating first graders I'm not going to do it in my sunday best, it might get dirty.
I hope we get to see Thanos and Vision duking it out in turtlenecks.
When an item doesn't match the set but the stats are too good to pass up.
So does that mean that when he gets all the stones, we're gonna see a galactic eggplant dong?
DONT TOUCH IT!!!!!!
He probably gave it to Thanos to keep him from killing him

It was for his health
I’m guessing it will start with the Guardians discovering the destruction of the Nova Corps.
I remember how people were pissed that the post-credits scene for Iron Man 3 was *only* Bruce Banner hanging out with Tony Stark.
Kind of just assumed based on Thanos’ ship appearing in the mid credits scene.
I mean, wouldn't you? 

Hey there's this thing of infinite power sitting in a place that's about to be reduced to dust. Let's just leave it there.
Really? That scene was up for debate?
I've been on the outside saying this here for a while now while the Heimdeil rumours were floating around. Sweet, sweet vindication!
100% my theory. Ragnarok closed with Thanos turning up, and we all know Loki swiped the cube before Asgard fell.

Loki’s SUPPOSED to be a hero now, so I imagine that’s what’s happening here.

Unless it’s just a mirror image of him.
Either that or they go for the whole plan of using Wakanda as a place to hide it as the country is so hidden. Yet Thanos finds it anyway
RIP Korg
There's at least one teaching history on earth. Probably a few exiles around the universe... I'm sure they won't *all* be dead.
I think Thanos will come kill the Asgardians and Loki will barter for his life with the Tesseract.

But in the end he will sacrifice himself for the greater good somehow. 
Well with some additions, obviously but Cap, Black Widow and Bucky are there. So it seems like this will pick up their arc from Civil War, living in Wakanda.

I'm glad we'll get to see them in action there. I was worried they would just come back to the states once the action started. 
Yooooooooooo 

What if he gets the Hulk buster armor to fight, but ends up just turning into the hulk and busts out of it. That'd be pretty sick.
This would also give us the Uncle Ben dynamic (in a sense) that we never got out of Homecoming. Put a chip on Peter's shoulder.
Spidey is smart too, just like Tony
Part 1 and 2 were filmed simultaneously, so there's no reason he can't be in the next one. 
There's been a good bit of speculation that that's exactly what we're getting (+- the Vision death part). It's unlikely that he'll have all the stones in time to resolve the story. Especially if he's chokeslamming Spidey with only 2 (power and space).

EDIT: OK, I let it go for a while now, but c'mon people. The last line of my comment about the stones is not a power reference, it's a plot/timing reference! Stop telling me Thanos is really strong, I know these things!
Gotta kill off Iron Man to regain some budget.
My guess is Vision, Cap and Iron Man.
Movie 2 isn't supposed to be a part 2 of the Infinity War.  The Russos stated they're separate, but with the second movie coming out only a year later, I think it's hard to believe they're not closely related in story.

Edit:  Lots of good replies to me.  I like the theory that the next one is going to be called Gauntlet and they're not saying it because it is kind of a spoiler.

Edit2: /u/Phyre36 warned you about spoilers.
Bruh. 10 year old me openly weeped in the theater at this scene. I still get misty eyed even watching it now.
Holy shit, he said "die"! I always remembered "die" and "kill" were like taboo words in cartoons. The writers always found a way around it no matter how cheesy it sounded.
Fucking ouch.  Right in the feels.
Expected optimus death. Was not disappointed
That almost 3 minute video is about ten million times better than all of the Transformers movies combined.
Dude what about watching [Ironhide, Ratchet, Prowl and Brawn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koQY7s9dgn8) get absolutely blown away in the first 5-10 mins of the movie? I felt like their deaths were just so quick and ruthless.  
I'M GONNA TIE YOU TO THE RADIATOR AND GRAPE YA!
I look forward to Vin diesel being a sassy teenage puberty-driven tree creature 
I could honestly see him growing back to full size at a whim, revealing that he could do it all along but just didn't because he didn't feel like doing it.
It's going to be real fun to see the banter between Tony and Rocket. In the comics Rocket is very condescending to Tony and his approach to weaponry. Tony is used to being the smartest person in the room now there's someone else and they're a racoon.
[deleted]
Legendary outlaw?
It's CGI
She's a cute
He's had a lot going on for the last few years, I think he can be forgiven for not keeping up on galactic current events.
I don’t think they would know what the hell was going on. 
Also they'd be like "Who the hell is that? Who's that kid? Who's that guy? They're just dudes standing around" whenever not in costume. 
Consistent seems like an understatement. The MCU is arguably getting better with time and the knowledge that they can take risks and think outside of the box.
It's funny, too. DC has been trying so hard to do the same thing, and they're just *so bad.* Really puts the Marvel campaign in perspective.

And yes, most of the badness of DC movies can be put in Snyder's corner.
PUNISHED "VENOM" CAP and also PUNISHED "SOLID" THOR
What MGS timeline is this in?
[Punished "Venom" Cap](https://i.imgur.com/UMzxGxi.png)


Going off a tangent here, but I don't get why Venom was introduced as Punished Snake in the trailer when he was never called that in the game.
dr strange can reverse time if he does die!
I still prefer the [comic book version](http://i.imgur.com/rFEENCb.jpg) but I understand that they want to keep his iconic red and blue colors.

The suit looks dope as fuck either way!
What are you on about?

Ant-Man and The Wasp were probably the coolest part of the trailer for me.
If we're being serious, they probably left him out because 99% of his shots are with Wasp and they want to keep her under wraps for a bit. 
Oh hey man, he is on Caps shoulder.
Technically, an image of him was in it though. Does that count?
That will spoil Mac's cameo appearance!
Hell, Civil War had probably the most small scale villain. He didn't care about conquering the world. 
So no more beam-spam but he can still phase through matter because that's part of his design. That would be pretty neat.
There is a moment on Avengers where Tony is about to get the rotor spinning again, and it focuses on Cap and the "it seems to run on some form of electricity" joke happens. The main Avengers theme shifts to use more brass and snare drum, clearly being more Captain America than normal. It was the only time they did that in the movie, and I really hope they do this again for other characters.
His hair's a good length, too. Looks badass. 
Marvel finally caught on.
Yeah haha Your and the other poster here bringing up ross is interesting as it made me think about the world militaries involvement here. I hope normal human troops show up to fight in this in addition to wakandas normal people. Like even some planes attempting to attack would be good.
where have I read this before...
This is the golden age of Disney 2.0 - with this series, now star wars, and the incredible animation films they've been shooting out the last few years (Moana, frozen, zootopia), they own most of the big hits. 
I still think Jon Favreau deserves a good deal of credit too, without the first Iron Man none of this would have happened. Iron Man was able to find a perfect tone for a comic book movie, and every movie since has followed in its footsteps. While some a little goofier, like Ant Man and Thor Ragnarok, they all share a similar tone, something that is obviously lacking on the DC side of things. 
That’s actually a pretty good theory
No, because RDJ has already been confirmed to be filming Avengers 4.
Indeed. It helps that Thanos has been slowly built up to and hyped. This is really the culmination of half a decade of buildup and planning. 

Hopefully, DC can do the same with Darkseid when he's eventually introduced. Darkseid is one of the favorite comic book villains ever. 
Look, if it gets us a Young Avengers movie, I'm all for it!
No he can change his appearance irl, remember he created a cape to copy Thor in Age of Ultron
Phase 1: iron man, hulk, IM2, thor, Captain america 1, AVENGERS

Phase 2: IM3, Thor 2: the dark world, CA2: the winter soldier, GotG, AVENGERS AGE OF ULTRON, antman

Phase 3: Civil war, Dr. Strange, GotG vol 2, Spiderman homecoming, Thor Ragnarok, Black panther, AVENGERS INFINITY WAR
THANOS JUST WANTS TO HAVE FUN MAGGLE!
Shield gauntlets! He's gonna have expandable shields everywhere on his body!
"Sorry, that corner was really dark, I couldn't help myself. I think there's a bulb out."
For real though. Disney will soon be able to buy Earth. 
Disney is going to make "fuck you" money.  

It's going to be insane. 
Thaddy 
"He's just a boy!" 
Spider-Man has historically been incredibly durable in fights, taking tons of punishment. Its why he can survive a fight with the Sinister Six. 
Spidey is definitely on the higher end of strength and durability in the comics (edit: higher end was exaggerated some, but still very strong). I imagine the MCU is going to work up to him getting to that point. I've said it before but I'm pretty positive he is going to take over the mantle of Tony in the MCU after this Phase. Where [he](https://i.imgur.com/GPcKaer.jpg) is essentially the support, partner, and backbone to the New Avengers and Captain Marvel (who will be the new Captain America  as far as positioning in the Avengers). 

Plus I imagine that Iron Spider suit gives him a lot of extra strength and durability. 
Gonna spoiler tag idk [The finger snap happens in the comics during the Infinity Gauntlet arc. After all the stones have been collected and the gauntlet is assembled, in order to please mistress death, Thanos kills half of the living beings in the entire universe just by snapping his fingers. Not even just kills, but wipes from existence.](#spoiler)
Thank you for this! I couldn't really remember from where the reference was.
God, that slow and sombre buildup at the 30 second mark was just glorious
The crescendo on that title screen is fantastic. So hyped. 
Thanks for giving away the climax of infinity war.
Starlord v Spider Boy: Dawn of Angst 
Just in time before Jerk It June.
I’d say it’s even deeper than that. As someone who loves the comics, whoever is greenlighting scripts and directors over at the DCEU just does not understand its characters (primarily Superman and Batman).
This is why DC needs to take their time.  Marvel has been building this up for a decade.  Now that they put in all the work of character and universe building, they can do something completely insane like this.  DC is trying to skip like 8 years of work and jump right into the deep end.
Keep in mind that figure could be made of fondant.
roll credits
What would be the point lol. It's not like he needs the extra durability/strength, just needs to get more angry.
LEGO spoiled giANT-man in a Civil War set too.
I watched Here Comes the King on Netflix just so I could hear him speak more. That movie was great but there's something about that dudes voice that makes me want everything narrated by him. 
I lost my mood ring. Not sure how I feel about it. 
And I would walk 500 more
against thanos, he'll probably look pretty nerfed anyway 
If they can ban Twin right before a huge Modern tourney they can do anything 
Patch 3.0.

"We felt Thor was much more powerful and nerfed him to bring him in line with the rest of the characters, mainly his ultimate."

Meanwhile, the new character, Thanos, is so OP he's banworthy but everyone's still banning Ultron and Hela. 
[deleted]
Maybe her clothes were conjured the same way her weapons were? 
Just like in Watchmen
Try using the other infinity stone to pry out the first one...
I'm going upstairs and I'm going to rub my nut sack all over your infinity stone!
Sounds like a lot of free Nova Force for one Rich Rider to take...
https://i.redd.it/8xcqas2cjv001.jpg
My understanding of the infinity gems is they can't actually be destroyed, so when Asgard blew up it just would be floating there still?
Feige confirmed it's implied. The ~~original cut~~ test screening of Ragnarok had Loki stop at the tesseract, look at it, *and then keep walking*. Test audiences forgot it was in the movie. They wanted to imply that he stole it, so they cut it right when he looks at it. Suddenly everyone assumes he stole it. Mission accomplished.              
                 
>The story I’m about to tell you is nothing about the mythology, just about filmmaking, I was just talking to Hiddleston about this. When he shot that, he had the Surtur skull and he walked by and he looked at [the tessaract] but then he kept walking. And he left frame. And it was like that in the cut for a while. And nobody remembered the moment. It didn’t register with anybody. So we recut it so that Loki looks at it and then we cut away. When we showed that cut, it registered with people who knew what it was. Did he take it? He stopped, what does that mean?  Which was exactly what we wanted the audience to do.     
         
[Source](http://www.slashfilm.com/thor-ragnarok-spoiler-questions/)
[Vindication](https://i.imgur.com/kM2mgKq.gif)
> Loki’s SUPPOSED to be a hero now, so I imagine that’s what’s happening here.

Did you forget Avengers from 2012???

Thanos promised Loki (via his messenger The Other) that if he doesn't deliver the Tesseract, he'll suffer a fate far worse than death. 

Loki is finally out of places to run or hide here, and he happens to have the Tesseract. This is him bargaining for his life. 

> You will have your war, Asgardian. If you fail, if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice where he can not find you. You think you know pain? He will make you long for something as sweet as pain.
>Unless it’s just a mirror image of him.

Piss off ghost!
I figured they were going to use wakanda as a base of operations since it's definitely the most powerful nation in the MCU so it's people are probably the best equipped to deal with a Thanos invasion
If they kill Korg we riot
Man I wish we could get little Agents of Shield tie ins in the movies like that. 
Time for Sif and that one guy from AoS to repopulate all of Asgard then
Well remember Thanos and Loki have worked together before when Thanos gave him the mind stone to invade Earth. I assume Thanos' plan was to just casually take the soul stone, time stone, and tesseract once Loki got humanity on its knees.
Hopefully this means we get to see them in the Black Panther movie
That’s what the original rumor said forever ago and I’ve been wanting to see that since then
Spidey is gonna regret not stopping Thanos from robbing that bookie.
"With great power comes great responsibility, kid."
Yeah, and we ain't getting Reed anytime soon
When Thanos is getting the sixth Infinity Gem in Thanos Quest, he makes a joke about how he could have very, very easily just taken it using the other five, but decided it would be more fun to be a dick about it.
Whatever they spend on him, they always make back in box office. He has a sweet gig - show up for a week to film Homecoming, make  $15 mil.
Isn't RDJs fee minimal but he recieves a percentage of the gross? 
I think Cap / Iron Man is going to be one or the other. One is probably going to save the other, sacrifice even with their differences and whatnot.
Would seem to be a waste of Thanos to introduce him and kill him all in one movie.  IMO.
My understanding was that the titles are no longer going to be part 1 and part 2, and instead the second film would have its own title. I still think they are going to be heavily connected.
They're separate in the way that each movie is contained in its own and tells a full story (which naming them Part 1 and 2 might not imply) but it's pretty safe to say it's the same general Thanos story on both, 1 year apart, they were filmed at the same time,... They can't be completely unrelated (well as much as unrelated means in the MCU).

I assume they just changed the name because most Part 1 movies are often seen pretty badly by the public. I mean it was called like that at the beginning and it's not like they will have totally changed the plot of their "decade in the making" movies.
37 year old me still cry's
[deleted]
no disagreement from me.  The animated movie was the best transformers movie. even though it's just there to sell toys.  
I hope the movie comes with a complimentary grape whistle.
Rocket: "Why the hell didn't you just do that in the first place?"
Forget it
[deleted]
It cost 35 million dollars to make.
She's hideous,. Why would Ego keep such an ugly pet?
"Wait, why is Johnny Storm running around on the ground and not on fire?"
I think the biggest shock would be seeing Spidey, who was owned by Sony at that time as well. Hell, Spider-Man 3 had just come out in 2007 with Iron Man in 2008.
They were good with ike perlmutter. They got better without him. They've been freed from their chains.
It's like once Marvel got pulled away from Perlmutter these films have been outstanding. I think Kevin Feige being solely in charge was the best decision they could have ever made. The actors and directors seem to love him and he's really let them start making unique films. 
*Directed by Hideo Kojima*
I’ve been saying since it came out that Winter Soldier is the best Metal Gear movie we’ll ever have a chance of getting.
Not without the Time Stone!

This is also assuming that the infinity stones survive A4.
Honestly I could imagine them being somewhere in the video as easter eggs a few pixels big.... but I'm too lazy to look for it. 
He’s in like 99% of the shots here. It’s just, you know... he’s ant sized.
They left out hawk eye too. Dude is dead as dicks
Oh on the [tower](http://media.comicbook.com/2017/07/thor-1011815.png)?

Hm. We might need a karma lawyer to come in and adjudicate this. 

I don't know. Homecoming was pretty small scale. Vulture just wanted to sell cool shit to provide for his family.
Vision needed to be nerfed. His dps was way higher than the rest.
I agree, but Favreau is the MVP of the MCU simply for having the vision and guts to cast RDJ.
That’s just his scenes as a force ghost
DC honestly just needs to make movies. Doesn't matter if it's good, bad, or who's in it; just make them. You can't build a universe if you have three years between Man of Steel and BvS, do a movie that's completely unrelated next (Suicide Squad), then do Wonder Woman and have a "big team-up" movie after. And now after Justice League, they want to wait over another year to release another movie?

Marvel initially put out two movies in 2008, one in 2010, but then it was at least two a year every year after that. You can't build a universe without the foundations for it. 

I can look past the quality if they're at least bringing characters to the big screen. But it's baffling to me that Marvel was able to take Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and Hulk -- none of whom were really anyone's absolute favorite hero 10 years ago -- and make one of the highest grossest films and franchises of all time. Meanwhile, DC can't do the same with Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, and the Flash, who are already iconic as is.
Exactly this, the question people REALLY should be asking, is that the Avengers Mansion?! 
BIG DOG EATS MY ASS!
/r/squaredcircle RUNNIN' WILD, BROTHER
WE'RE BALANCING THE UNIVERSE ON FRIDAY, MAGGLE
That is the most Coulson shit. I love that. 
They're going to be stacking their "fuck you" money in a "fuck you" vault on their own "fuck you" planet here pretty soon.
Movie cancelled
"No older than my son!"
He also seems to be wearing the new suit (Iron Spider?), which probably adds to his durability. 
I would imagine Doctor Strange much more fitting for taking a Iron Man role. 
And I think that's going to be the climax of the film. 
Dawn of Quips*
They want the Marvel money without the Marvel grind
Or spiders.
It might be banner wearing it. But the idea of hulk in that thing is really funny. 
Just tae bee thaaah fehlm whuu wolks a thaeusand maels tae fuhl daeun at yor door
Thanos has been beaten by Thor alone before

not that it'll be this way in the movie, but you know.. POWER
Well her headdress definitely was.
"I'm gonna let you borrow my whirly-bird, but I put my name on it so's ya don't steal it from me."
Spoilerz dude
I wonder if he'll drop the cosmic cube too
This is the scene I really want in the movie.
Well yeah, exactly. It's not that he was worried it would get blown up. It's just that nobody is going to miss it, so why let it float through space? 
Probably fall into that cosmic arsehole that they flow out of the planet hulk place from. 

Either way, you'd be losing track of one of the most powerful objects in the universe.
I'll start printing pamphlets. 
Probably post credits. I think their story is going to be largely self-contained
“Help!  That guy just stole all my Infinity Stones!”

“Not my problem, man.”
But it turns out not to be Thanos, but the bad guy after Thanos is defeated.
That sounds about right. Isn't there also a thing about the only reason he ever loses is because he is kind of messed up in the head and subconsciously sabotages himself?
Not sure if that's still in place — that was his original contract. That's long gone, though. 
I’m Thinking Ironman will die which will push Cap more to try to defeat Thanos and Black Widow will die and push and enrage Banner/Hulk. But the main reason for Black Widows death is because she, CHANGED HER FUCKING HAIR COLOR!
IM dies but his consciousness is backed up into a suit  
Especially with all the build up to this fight over the years. I’ll be disappointed if this is what they end up doing.
The last scene of the movie will be Thanos snapping his fingers and half the universe disappearing as a result. Cuts to credits. No music. No post credit scenes.
[deleted]
Avengers: Infinity War

And

Avengers: Infinity Enduring Freedom
This is exactly how I remember it.

Also, this is only thee days younger than Yu-Gi-Oh! the abridged series.
"I am Groot"
What are we? 

Some kind of Suicide Squad?
The Law of Conservation of Stache
She's beautiful. On the inside.
"Why does Mark Ruffalo look like he had the best sex of his life?"
[deleted]
And then when *The Amazing Spiderman* is released, they'll be like "Wtf bro you lied to me!"
There are no strings on Feige.
*Written by Hideo Kojima*
What is this, a trailer for ants?
But.. But... He's got a sweet new haircut and everything! 
Nah he’s been confirmed filming for Avengers 4 that comes out in 2019. Same for Ant-Man, his role is pretty negligible because his sequel Ant-Man and the Wasp is in July I️ believe, then both he and Wasp have roles in Avengers 4. 
He might have to meet us in the middle here and eat a pony dick. 
It was interesting that Vulture didn't even cause most of the damage in Homecoming. Spider-Man was to blame for the ferry and the plane crash. Even the henchman Vulture killed was a complete accident. When given the chance to kill Spider-Man he backed off. When given the chance to out Spider-Man he lied.

Vulture wasn't a good guy, but he was exactly evil either. He played the cards he was dealt and would have gladly left crime alone if he got that last score.
provide for his family? he was doing more than that they were living in a damn mansion
>Vision needed to be nerfed.

That explains Thor's right eye too.
"Piss off ghost!"
WB Execs: "MARVEL WAS ABLE TO PUT THIS TOGETHER IN A CAVE...WITH A BOX OF SCRAPS!!"
They need actual good movies so that the team up movies have hype. They also need to stop announcing shit left and right that's not going to get made. Fixing their PR would be good too, "this is a Cinematic Universe...or is it ?"
Nah i reckon they're on holiday in Edinburgh
That's how he starts the first episode of agents of shield.
You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us!

^-New ^Yorkers
Yup, found it in the handbook... Iron Spidey Suit gives you plus 5 to your AC. Damn.
To be honest, I don't know how involved Cumberbatch plans on being. I think they have Holland wrapped for as long as they want him (and Sony allows it). Not to mention Spidey has always been a big part of the comics. 

I hope it ends up being something like [this](https://i.imgur.com/GPcKaer.jpg). 
The intent is to provide studios with a sense of pride and accomplishment
Or the Marvel writing, or the Marvel acting, or the Marvel directing, or the Marvel production...
Or men
Banner wearing it, then going Hulk and exploding out of the Hulk suit. That'd be pretty dope.
Thanos has been beaten by the NYPD before.
Cheese and crackers!
That, and he's the fucking god of mischief. 
Just make sure you print enough!  Not just ones for your mom and her boyfriend!
[deleted]
Could you elaborate more 
HE PUNCHED THE HIGHLIGHTS OUT OF HER HAIR
IMO, Iron Man’s death would probably have more emotional weight than Cap:  
  
He’s the public face of The Avengers, he started this and would affect the team members... also he already shown a willingness to sacrifice himself. Plus in terms of the final battle with Thanos... i think the image fits with Cap leading the charge 
She even dyed her eyebrows
[deleted]
Maybe the entire second movie will be a drama, where Thanos has completed the gauntlet but he still hasn't pleased Death and he's unhappy, so he resets everything back to normal and becomes a farmer
Second movie is all the heroes dead and Conor McGregor vs Thanos.
That would be fantastic! I don’t think they have the balls to do that. 
And Reed Richards, from a parallel universe, notices the multiversal disturbance and attempts to repair it, bridging the gap between universes in the process and then the FF join the MCU and Galactus crosses over with them and they all have to fight Galactus and then my dad will finally come home.
Thanos is the main antagonist of Avengers 4 and this had been confirmed from the top. Infinity War and Avengers 4 are two different stories each with it's own tone/theme and it's own beginning, middle and end, but both stories feature Thanos as a main character/antagonist. I'm certain Thanos is neither defeated nor killed in Infinity War. 
Avengers: Mission Accomplished
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN, BECAUSE YOU FELT LIKE IT?!"
More like the revengers 
What is this, some kind of Infinity War?
Stache cannot be created or destroyed, only passed around different Hollywood actors.
The dude from Parks and Rec? WTF?

Guest Starring The "SKULLS" Parasite Unit
*Edited by Hideo Kojima*
If he was DC it would be a perfect setup for being one of the more relatable members of Suicide Squad.
Vulture watched a little too much Breaking Bad and his idea of "providing" got all screwy.
And it probably cost him a fortune, lol. Gotta keep paying that mortgage somehow.
Isn't that more of a buff in Thor's case? The whole losing the eye thing only granted more "vision" or wisdom, even if it's just symbolic it didn't seem to have downsides.
WB: Execs: "MARVEL WAS ABLE TO MAKE A SUPER POPULAR MOVIE... WITH THE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY!"

A series so damned obscure that they basically took nothing but the name and disparate characters and *nobody gave a shit*.
WB directors: “We’re... not Marvel”
I agree with that second part. I don't care who you cast as Shazam or who you cast as Black Adam unless I know the movie is going to get made. I feel like they cast people, gage the public's reaction, then decide whether or not to move forward with the project. It's also just bits and pieces of movies; movies with actors don't have directors attached, movies with directors attached don't have screenwriters attached, movies with screenwriters don't have actors attached. 
And it was a fucking great moment.
/r/raimimemes
Or if this is v2, made from the same material as Banner's pants and it expands with him.
Thanos has been beaten by the all powerful Squirrel Girl before
Pamphlets messing up his rebellion was a great low key paper beats rock joke.
Hate that guy.
In the comics he becomes so powerful that he becomes the physical embodiment of reality itself then he leaves his body leaving the Gauntlet behind for Nebula to pick up... She in turn becomes the strongest being in existence and he's fucked.. But that's only one storyline involving him and the Stones, there's at least 3 different ones...
He's too tricky for his own good
[Here you go](https://i.imgur.com/0WuGiqz.jpg)
I'm a little fuzzy on the details, but I have seen people talk about it on r/whowouldwin and r/asksciencefiction a lot. Apparently, Thanos always loses because he sabotages himself in some way. Like, not oversights but blatant self-handicaps. I was actually hoping someone more knowledgeable might be able to chime in on the specifics and whether this is just fan-theory or actual canon.
He's honestly one of the strongest people in all of the Marvel comic universe. In the comics he's already desturbingly powerful without the gauntlet, but with it he's able to kill nearly half the universe~, but when they wrote him it would be real boring if he was *just* and evil murderer and had nothing else to his character. He kind of intentionally loses. 

It's neat... I have no evidence of this but I think Thanos had a lot of the writers own personality put in him, as in, he's basically *like* a writer. He has all the power to decide who lives and who dies, and he could kill everyone... But he wants an interesting story.
Basically, and very simplified, Thanos doesnt feel like he deserves the power and so tends to do things that lead to his own downfall. Once he straight up just quit and went to be a farmer. im not kidding.
Tony is going to sacrifice himself to save Peter because Tony knows he is the future of the Avengers.

"I was just trying to be like you."

"And I wanted you to be better."

I also think it works because of Tony and Steve’s talk in Avengers. “You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
Cap will want to sacrifice himself, but at the last minute, Ironman will save him, resulting in iron mans death. 
Or we learn he is just a method actor.
Tanos...youra fookin pussy
With my boooooooooooooooooiiiiiis
They might not have the balls, but they do have the stones... 
Asgard's mightiest heroes, that's what we call ourselves.
Parks and Recreation wouldn't air for another year when Iron Man came out. 
Also Starring: Mark 44 Iron Man Suit "HULKBUSTER"
https://68.media.tumblr.com/32645c596a8fe437c5406b04b7833c3a/tumblr_nvcnrn31DE1r5jnw6o1_400.gif
*Sound design by Hideo Kojima*
Of course, but knowing Rocket he's gonna try to steal Thor's eye patch as a part of their plan to defeat Thanos.
I was so confused when I saw the first shots from gotg. I grew up reading the original run which they had as a cameo at the end of gotg2. That's who the guardians were to me.

I was like "who the fuck is starlord and why does he have a pet raccoon?" 
I agree, can you believe The Rock was announced as Black Adam over 3 years ago ! And they have announced more than 10 movies with no release date and sometimes directors ! Such a mess
Thanos has been beaten by transcending his body, forgetting the gauntlet, and having Nebula just walk up and pick up the fucking gauntlet before.
I would love to see the fan reaction if at the climax of infinity war part 2, squirrel girl is the one who ultimately saves the day
Well yeah, but Squirrel Girl can beat Superman and Goku at the same time. That's not much of a stretch.
And stepping on his friend who had 2 blades for arms: scissors
Hubris would be the description people are aiming for.
Thanos once completely wiped out all life in the universe, completely killing everybody. He won. He finally killed every single living organism.

How was it fixed?

He got bored and switched it back to normal.
its not just a fan theory, during the infinity saga adam warlock reveals that thanos believes he isnt acutally worthy of ultimate power so he always stops short of achieving it

which is why thanos is famous for eliminating half of the universe and how adam warlock is powerful enough to undo it

however this is a part of a saga that includes all of the elders, thanos, adam warlock, the high evolutionary, galactus, the fantastic four, the silver surfer, death, the beyonder, the in-betweener, etc; and we have only been introduced to 1/3 of these characters in the MCU so far
 Thought the emotional payoff for that already happened when he flew into that portal with the nuke thinking he was gonna die 
Yewel do fookin nuttin with dat infinity gautlet!
Tanos you got lines on your chin like you sleep on a grill! You wouldn't last 5 rounds in da octagon wit me. Youra fookin purple bitch. Ya got no talent
[deleted]
100% for sure don't mess with Thanos. 

he's got a piece on him, but I'm not mad. 
*My God, Tommy, you certainly got those minerals.*
Hulk isnt asgardian, silly. 
Even more confusing. Imagine Chris Pratt sitting at home when the trailer from ten years in the future comes on though and the big tease is that he's in it.
Also Starring: James Buchanan "Bucky" Barnes "The Winter Soldier"
And Nick Fury's patch.

And Bucky's arm.

And Rhodes' leg.


GotG should be the big lesson every studio takes away from Marvel. Make a good movie with strong characters, figure out the world building afterwords. GotG has had almost nothing to do with anyone else aside from having an Infinity Stone for 20 minutes but they're still fan favorites.

A major reason I want to see Infinity War is I want the Avengers and Guardians to talk and have banter! A Wizard, a Raccoon, two Norse Gods, Dr Jekyll/Mr Hyde, and Uncle Sam are going to all stand in a room... and the most memorable thing they'll do is talk to each other.
What about the time he casted an earthquake which made him slip and drop the tesseract?
How about the time he got them all, had godlike power, and ascended out of his body... leaving the gauntlet behind on his body for nebula to just walk up and take it.
Well Disney is about to acquire Fox so at the very least we will see the XMen in the MCU eventually
"Im starlord man, legendary outlaw?"

"Who da fook is that guy?"
and Thor isn't from earth and yet is one of earth's mightiest heroes.
Imagine telling vin diesel that he isn’t the purple villain, but a little tree baby
"Damn I look good."
James “don’t call me James Buchanan” Buchanan 
Bucky's arm especially. I don't want too many jokes and lulz in these two movies, because Thanos is damn serious business, but I will be disappoint if Rocket doesn't at least idly want to steal Bucky's arm.
Oof
How about when he took off the gauntlet to wash his hands, and just left it on the side of the sink when he walked out of the men's room? Or the time he used it to try to  unblock the garbage disposal, and it slipped from his grasp and fell in into the sink drain?
Was he not omniscient? Could he not foresee that happening and could he not stop it in a moment's notice with godlike powers?

Like, is there a more in-depth reason or is that as deep as it gets?
this is more likely to result in the fantastic four being introduced to the mcu than it would result in all of the xmen being included

both the xmen and fantastic four have plot lines with thanos, but it would be much easier to shoe horn the fantastic four in without an origin story than a new team of xmen
hmm, thats true. fucking immigrants. 
Plus Kazuhira "played me like a damn fiddle" miller.
