The tree scene looks like it might be about delving into the more mystical side of Black Panther which could be cool
This looks tight, but my main takeaway is, "Black Panther *really* likes to hang off of cars."
I get the feeling from Killmonger's little "burn the world and start again" speech that he's looking to end the era of Wakandan isolation and begin an era of Wakandan domination. Fits with the "superpatriot" nature of the character.

Wakanda first!
My reaction watching this trailer http://i.imgur.com/8Lglal0.gif
Jeez, that suit in live-action just...*works.*
I'm unclear about this revolution. Will it be televised? Can I stream it? Is it going to be a Twitch thing? Lot of questions on my end.
My jaw dropped when MBJs suit materialized
The suit materializing on the wearer is really fucking cool. Looks like Black Panther is beating Iron Man to the punch on the Bleeding Edge armor, I wonder if it will inspire Tony to build the BE armor.
More importantly Funhaus finally got ‘Mothers Be Aware’. 
music: [Vince Staples - BagBak](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KF6x7g5ZfwM)
I love it. And the world-building that they're setting up in establishing Wakanda's culture, society and government - man, Coogler is going to *kill it* and I cannot wait. Not to mention that the futuristic set design and costumes are on point. 

And the colours and cinematography, sweet jesus. So *lively*.
He has by far the sweetest superhero suit. Trailer has me looking forward to this.
DAMN....
Loving the purple on the new suit.
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN WAKANDA
As a black man, I appreciate the rap for what I assume they think goes well. But I would've much preferred to hear some tribal beats and drums. Think it would've fit ALOT better personally. 
So...its Grambling vs Prairie View?
Andy Serkis looks like the most badass motherfucker ever. Sure he's like the greatest mocap actor of all time, but I really want to see his actual face in more movies. Maybe this can do something with that.
How many times are we going to have the hero face someone that's a darker version? Iron Man, Iron Monger. Ant-man and Yellowjacket. Hulk and Abomination. Imagine Black Panther had to fight the Iron Monger, or Yellowjacket. 
the secret world is so cool its like African atlantis. Feeling it. 
This looks every bit as badass as a Black Panther film should be.
Boseman is killing it recently. So psyched for this
I am obsessed with the costuming in this movie. It's an art form unto itself. Everything seems to fit together so seamlessly into this world they've built. I can't WAIT to see more. 
That scene at 1:12 must be a vision of some kind meeting with the Panther God, since there's Panthers in the tree.

Looks beautiful regardless.  
Damn!!! That’s all I can say
[deleted]
I hope we spend a lot of time in Wakanda. It looks fascinating.
Huh, it looks like this one has that Toyota/Lexus money flowing in. They've had Chevy, Acura, Audi, and now Lexus. Are they building up to Infiniti War?
Those car chase scenes filmed in South Korea look dope!
I'm going to take my 7 yr old son to see this the day it comes out. I want for him so badly to see people that look like him on the big screen that he can look up to. 
I wanna go to Wakanda.
I really like the African Sci-fi city they made for this movie. It reminds me a little of Numbani.
Best trailer I have seen in a while! Can't wait.
Hooooly shit that suit
Bilbo and Gollum unite once again.
They have active camo up over the city/country?  Looks pretty rad!!!  
This looks amazing. Between Michael B. Jordan and Chadwick Boseman, along with Anthony Mackie and Samuel L. Jackson, the MCU is doing it's black characters justice. I love these actors and cannot wait for more.
Where is all of this technology coming from? Was Wakanda built with Alien tech before the invasion of New York?
I went into this thinking "It'll just be meh" and came out of it thinking "I need to see this right fucking now"
whoa. bad. ass.
This looks so fuckin cool.
Damn, too bad I'm in class right now
This is probably one of the best looking Marvel movies.
Wow, this came out of nowhere. Set and costume design are looking amazing. Can't wait!  
I’ve seen gods fly. I’ve seen men build weapons that I couldn’t even imagine. I’ve seen aliens drop from the sky. 

But I ain't never seen an elephant fly!
black panther's really about the whole fighting on cars thing isn't he
This trailer is really lacking in MCU quippiness, which I don't think is necessarily a bad thing.
Well he does take herbs and meditate to keep him with supernatural physical ability, so that might be explaining it in the movie. 
Really hoping that scene has him consulting Bast the panther goddess
[deleted]
They cut it off before he looks up to see ~~Mufasa's~~ T'Chaka's face in the clouds.
"We have this one cool CGI-finished moment and *we're gonna use it for all our trailers*, dammit."
I'm just waiting for him to bat things off tables.
If you have an indestructible suit that absorbs literally all physical damage like captain America's shield, you can do whatever the fuck you want. 
While he sounds very American. He’s an exile from Wakanda. As much as he wants to return home and make it even greater under his rule, he still spent so much of his life in a foreign country that he’d probably be more American than Wakandan by now, and that breeds some fascinating inner conflict.
Make Wakanda Great Again.
I agree with that, but it's also the kind of motivation that fits really well with the cookie cutter Marvel villains that we've seen over and over again. 

When the villain's objective is "burn the entire fucking world", there is no moral ambiguity. You cannot realistically root for the villain, because burning the entire fucking world is almost certainly not a good thing. 

And on top of that, particularly in an extended universe like this, we already know that the world isn't going to burn. The stakes are so high that we already know our hero is not going to fail. 

Of course all of this stuff is not set in stone, and I'm still really interested in the story. But the trailer is really hinting that we're going to get another boring villain. 
Wakanda Numba 1!!!
LMFAO
We got action scenes where they give us a glimpse of the tech without spoiling any of the plot. What a trailer.

Edit: to the people being anal about plot points being spoiled, Black Panther is the king of a technologically advanced kingdom. That's been established in Civil War. It's also a hero movie, following the very common hero storyline. Introduction to the story and background, conflict with a villain that provides a contrast to hero, context and motivation onto what happened and why the villain is doing what he is doing (which could be a result from the action of our hero), and finally, stop reading if you don't wanna be spoiled, a resolution to the conflict that might or might not have a twist to it.   
I have a feeling like this movie is going to be huge and by this time next year there are going to be little kids running around obsessed with Black Panther the way they're obsessed with Iron Man and Spider Man and that just makes me feel AWESOME


It's my understanding that the revolution will be streamed live for Patrons and then uploaded to YouTube a week later.
It will be available exclusively on Wakanda's own streaming service. 

You'll probably have to try and pirate it.
The first day of the revolution will be televised everything else will be behind a pay wall.
Just in case someone doesn't know, it's a remix of [Gil Scott-Heron](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnJFhuOWgXg)
No, but it will be tweeted. 
**DON'T FORGET TO LIKE, SHARE AND SUBSCRIBE TO THE REVOLUTION!**
Naw man it'll be live
It's coming to a theatre near you. 2018.

Courtesy of a giant corporate conglomerate.
It will be a Best Buy exclusive
This trailer made me smile from beginning to end but that was definitely the moment when I exclaimed "Woah."
MBJ has such a sense of raw physicality to him that makes him so interesting as a villain, especially as a counterpoint to Boseman's more brooding, contemplative BP. Add to that the fact that he's working with Coogler, with whom he's produced nothing but awesomeness, and this looks to be on track for the best phase 3 film by a mile.
I was disappointed because it means that the villain is ultimately just going to be another carbon copy of the hero but he's evil. We've had that fight sooooooo many times now in the MCU. 
I groaned. Yet ANOTHER super hero movie in which the villain needs the exact replica of the hero's suit. Ant Man, Spiderman 3, Iron Man, Hulk with Abomination (if you classify exact same power as suit), etc. It's been overdone to death and makes fights so much less interesting. I want fights that mess with something a hero is not used to fighting. Like Mysterio messing with Spider-Man. 
Really? I thought it looked really bad. 
my jaw dropped when the superhero did the superhero thing WHOOO I LOVE COOL MOMENTS
The rumours have that his suit in IW will be "proper" Bleeding Edge, really hope that's the case although I guess now it'll look like he was copying BP
Wakanda is always a bit of a step ahead of world technology. Plus they have a monopoly on vibranium so they can price gouge the shit out of people.
Wakanda is the most technologically advanced society in the world in the comics iirc. They just hoard it. 
Oh my fuck. I just read up on the Bleeding Edge armor. That would be nuts if Tony created the bleeding edge armor in the MCU.

“The Bleeding Edge armor took the extremis concept and took it to the next level. His armor was stored inside of the hollow of the bones and he could mentally command it to come out of his skin whenever he pleased. The armor is extremely powerful and it's the armor Tony is currently using. It was created by Tony and also with a little help from Reed Richards. It can lift up to 500 tons (with boot jets activated) and fly up to speeds like 5 miles per second. You can read about the creation of the armor in Iron Man #500”
The Mothers Be Aware arc is perhaps the greatest thing in the history of demo disk and I'll be sad to see it go, but it went out with a bang.
WAIT FOR REAL?

Thanks for this, it didn't show in my notif box.
/r/UnexpectedFunhaus
What is all this funhaus stuff that always gets mentioned? 
I am so happy that this comment is relatively high up in this thread 
I'm at work right now and looking forward to see this trailer once I get home... guess NOT!

Funhaus Cinematic Universe>MCU
That music video was so white that this trailer was like a palette cleanser. But it was spectacular and I’m so fucking proud of these boys!
FUCKING HOW IS THIS SO FAR UP? I LOVE IT
spoilers! 
I feel like he's getting featured in trailers and promos a lot lately and I love it. Can't wait to drink a refreshing Sprite during Black Panther. 
And [Gil Scott Heron](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGaoXAwl9kw)
I love the song when its out, but kinda dont like it in the trailer. I thought the first - Aha, Yeeeah, Hola was kinda displaced, I was like What why that funny AHA! at that moment. Should have started with Lets go... 
Coogler and Ludwig Göransson really know how to choose the soundtracks to their films. I haven't felt this type of hype since the Creed soundtrack
First they had an RTJ song and now Vince? My literal top two hip hop acts? I think my dick is out. 
You think T'Challa is going to advise anyone to grab a Sprite in the movie?
I think Wakanda is what will set this apart from other superhero movies. It takes the film into a genre (Afro Futurism) that is rarely explored in the West.
Maybe too early to say, but I feel like Marvel has really hit the ball out of the park especially on lesser known franchises like this and GOTG. I think part of it is the extra freedom with the world building, since people don't already have preconceived ideas of the characters and story should be. 
With this, Guardians of the Galaxy, and Thor are marvel starting to actually create their own world's now. 

Because those movies look very distinct, they look completely unearthly. 
That one tree scene looks straight out of Lion King. Now I want a Lion King directed by Ryan Coogler.
You can totally see the blackness of the casting and creation of this movie and it's fucking great. I'm comparing this to the other recent trailer set to a rap song - Pacific Rim 2's trailer made me cringe a bit; this one looked *owned*. 

And I'm so glad Coogler is the one on this. He's got what it takes to make it a part of something but still uniquely his, after what he did with *Creed*.
His movements are so fluid. And they look so badass in that suit. 
The cast has me looking forward for this. Everything about this movie is just phenomenal.
It's easily one of my favorite superhero designs. It's completely minimalist, yet instantly recognizable.
Can't beat ironman dude.
LOVE OR LUST
YESTERDAY I GOT A CALL LIKE FROM MY DOG LIKE 101
PANTHER WILL AS HE CONTINUES TO FLIP CARS UPSIDE DOWN


AND THE NEW WORD TO HAVE IS REVOLUTION

I'M LOST IN THE WOOOOORLD
🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN WAKANDA,
Agreed. It's obvious it's done to attract the audience it wants, but it would be nice to have some traditional African music in the film and/or some modern takes on the style.
When the trailer first said "uh huh" and then "yeah" I thought I had a different tab open playing something else. Felt really out of place to me at the start. 
Don't you know, if your black you only listen to or want to hear rap. I agree though I didn't feel like it fit the hero. 
I actually would've liked it a lot with with some of the vocals removed, it was weird to have them mixed in with voice-overs from the movie, especially [here.](https://youtu.be/xjDjIWPwcPU?t=1m15s)
You put into words what i was feeling. The music did not seem to fit at all. All of the visuals seem to be more traditional African culture, then you have an American song over it. Odd fit.
"tribal beats and drums" are as stereotypical for Africa as Hip-Hop is for movies with predominantly black actors. Wakanda is a super advanced society so neither of those really fit.
Winner gets to lose to Southern.
This is why I loved Jessica Jones so much. Kilgrave was such an interesting villain and had nothing similar to Jones in anyway. But like /u/prophetofgreed said, they don't have much time to set up a villain in a movie where over the course of 10 episodes or whatever there is a lot of space for development. 
Feige has addressed this before. The reason they do this is to cut down time they may need to introduce and understand the villain since scenes with the hero can also act as a way to mirror the villain. Like a 'how this hero didn't lose his way' kind of deal. 

It also thematically creates an even match since it's like a dark reflection of the hero. 

Edit: Here's the [source](https://www.cinemablend.com/news/1561390/the-blunt-reason-marvel-uses-mirror-image-villains-in-its-movies-according-to-kevin-feige). 

When talking about Doctor Strange:

> You want to have characters that inhabit the same world when introducing a new world, a new mythology for lack of a better term. You want to explore that as much as you can. 

> When you're teaching an audience about sorcerers and that reality, and you're going to talk about the past anyway, and you're going to get into their history anyway, much better to tie-in your bad guy with that instead of laying all this groundwork of parallel dimensions and sorcery and say, by the way, a meteor hit on the other side of the world, it went under the water, and this evil thing developed. What does that have to do with magic? Nothing... That's not the way we've developed them up to this point.
ProZD take on it

[Part 1](https://youtu.be/0zPEtyAsM94)
[Part 2](https://youtu.be/UaNWFHLy2NI)
I feel like a recent movie that did well with that dynamic is Spiderman Homecoming. It seemed like a very uneven matchup with two distinctively different fighting styles/abilities. 
...that is kinda the point of the superhero mythos, the baddie being a dark reflection of the goodie. Plus it makes for a relatively even match.

From below: Joker is a dark reflection of Batman, all of his main enemies are. He's the chaos to Batman's order, he uses practical joke/clown related gadgets, he's colorful while Batman is not. Magneto is similar, both he and Professor X want mutant rights but they have different ideas about how to achieve them - Xavier prefers cooperation and diplomacy, Magneto prefers a more militant approach. Magneto manipulates the physical world while Xavier manipulates the mental.
On the DC side too. Superman and Zod, Batman and Ras, Wonder Woman and Ares (?).

And I guess Spider-Man and Venom in the old trilogy count as well, kind of.
Or the Winter Soldier

oh wait
Heroes fighting "evil" versions of themselves is a Marvel comics staple
Wait what's Andy Serkis doing then ??
"Badass" is the exact word I was left with after seeing this trailer.

I'm not that big on comic book/superhero movies, but this trailer looks awesome and somewhat distinguishable from the rest. I'd definitely watch this.
i really hope this inspires more afro-futurism.
I want to live in a world where I am able to see a live version of that infamous meeting of the Panther God and Dr. Doom.


The revolution will not be televised!
I'm so hyped for this
Yeaaah, I live in Busan and watched them film the car chases for a whole night! I have some videos. It's the only reason I want to see this movie so bad.
In the comics, Wakanda sits on THE mother lode of adamantium/vibranium in the world which allowed them to spearhead a lot of technological advancements while they deliberately maintained their ‘tribal’ look overall.

The motherlode also affected the flora and fauna in some way, such as the mystical plant that the warriors and Wakanda kings ingest for greater strength.

Wakanda ultimately stays isolationist and deliberately gives the impression they’re not more advanced than the rest of the world, to keep the mother lode for themselves. They are likely THE most advanced human city on Earth, even in the comics.

T’challa is one of the more non-isolationist kings, and even then he places Wakandan interests first and so he does not share his nation’s tech or other advancements with the rest of the world. Tony actually called him out on this once - there was a plague on US soil, T’challa basically said the Wakandan labs had the cure or could easily sythesize one faster than Tony or anyone else. But he wasn’t going to because Tony had lied or done something underhanded earlier (they of course, resolve the issue later).

Also in the comics, should be noted that Wakanda actually has legit connections to the spirit realm in some capacity. I mean, once T’challa became the King of the Dead and summoned an army of the dead.

Now in the MCU, I think Wakanda is basically the nation that gives Earth a fighting chance because they have tech that can be a challenge for Thanos’ armies. T’challa also successfully repelled Black Dwarf/Cull Obsidian in single combat in the comics. But then the rest of the Black Order came along and took over in the end.
Wakanda isn't using alien tech. All of the vibranium on earth comes from a massive meteor. Wakanda is built around that meteor. The kings of Wakanda sell off minute amounts of vibranium for vast amounts of money, which they use to send some member abroad to study the best science the world has to offer, which makes Wakanda one of the most advanced societies on earth. 
In the comic books Wakanda is the most technologically advanced country/civilization in the world - even before the events of the first Avengers. Looks like Coogler is keeping that consistent with the MCU. 

Edit - Also all that sweet sweet [Vibranium](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Vibranium) probably doesn't hurt either. 
Snuck off to the bathroom to watch. Now I’m hyped AF hiding in a stall. 
I think I’ve seen this comment on every marvel trailer since Doctor Strange came out, they must be doing something right now.
I'm so glad they got a good design instead of dark concrete everywhere. Avenger movies are so freaking stale in their sets. Also looks like the soundtrack will stick out. 
I love the fact that the Marvel films are finally starting to get a little more colorful and they're allowing their directors to be a little more unabashedly creative with the look and cinematography of their movies.  This and Thor Ragnarock both have a very distinct and deliberate aesthetic that are completely different than what we've seen in the MCU before. 
I take herbs and meditate, but I only get supernaturally hungry :(
I too like to take some herb & then sit about for hours 
I think it would be him communing with the past kings of Wakanda. They were all Black Panther's as well as being King of the Dead in their culture. 
So Vince McMahon is directing the film? 
God that would be amazing. Every scene with a table, T’challa nonchalantly knocks something off of it. 
I did not realize how desperately missing from my life this is. I am suddenly incomplete. Thor had the Darrell videos. T'challa needs this. I want to see him nonchalantly nudge Mjolnir off a table.
yeah, which frankly makes the character a lot less interesting to me. There is no sense of danger in these Marvel movies because every character is practically invincible. The prime example of this being in "Age of Ultron" when even Hawkeye and Black Widow were destroying 7 foot tall death robots like they were made out of tracing paper. 
So basically he's Theon Greyjoy
thanks for this! I felt really turned off by the fact that Boseman worked for that accent, everyone else seemingly playing along, while Michael B. Jordan didn't even bother. What you said makes total sense!!!
They're not bringing their best people. They're sending Norse Gods, Iron men, Archers, and their smashing Hulks. Some of them, I'm sure, are X-Men.
Would you say the trailer is safe for people that hate spoilers and all the good bits being given away? 
I really hope this is the case, despite the fact that it will inevitably spawn a whole "is it ok for my white child to go as Black Panther for halloween" debate which will likely be very annoying to see play out. 
WHAT'S UP, EVERYBODY?! I'm Black Panther and this is my movie!
Greg Miller is that you?

EDIT: Didn't expect this to blow up I still love you /u/GameOverGreggy <3
but what about the television? :(
Wakanda's streaming service?

...Watchonda?

Watchonda TV!
Watchonda phone!
Watchonda computer!
Watchonda go!

Wherever you go, Watchonda!
Also interpolated with Vince Staples’s song “Bag Bak”

On mobile so I can’t link
Not a bad one, either. Thought I was just going to roll my eyes when I heard the first snippet of his voice, but by the end I was actually kinda hyped.
And the original Gil Scott track was a response to the Last Poets track [When the Revolution Comes](https://youtu.be/8M5W_3T2Ye4) and the lines in it

When the revolution comes some of us will probably catch it on TV, with chicken hanging from our mouths

You'll know it's revolution cause there won't be no commercials

When the revolution comes

Side note: Biggie's Party & Bullshit also comes from this track
Hadn't heard of him before, it's like Smooth Jazz 70s RATM.
Knew I recognized that voice from Who will Survive in America by Kanye

*Sending hopes and prayers*


Well, I did my part.
Calm down, Owen Wilson.
I already hope he doesn't get beaten too hard by T'Challa, looks like he could be a great reoccurring villain
I don't know, Thor: Ragnarok looks like it's going to be pretty good. I'm excited to see what Taika Waititi does. 
Thats a legitimate concern. Call me crazy, but I bet that the fight between the two black panthers wont be the climax battle. I'm thinking that after all the supersuit tomfoolery theyre gonna be all "lets settle this in the ways of old" and it will end with that 1v1 spear+shield fight on the rocky cliff we keep seeing. 
I know that all these villains all have their basis in comics and all, and I still like it don't get me wrong, but that suit just reminds me of [these](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaNWFHLy2NI) ProZD's [videos.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zPEtyAsM94) It's in so many Marvel movies I'm beginning to think they're doing it intentionally just to mess with us. 
If you're fighting someone at the exact same power level as you, then it's not about who has the stronger powers or better tech - it's about who has the heart of a champion or whatever. Like all that stuff in spider-man about who you are *without* the suit. It's cliche, but I see the reason it's cliche. It lets you apply their struggles to your own life by saying, "I may not have a nanotech vibranium suit, but I have the heart of a champion just like BP so I deserve that extra piece of cake."
I mean these movies are unapologetically formulaic. Can't really say I was expecting something brand new here.
Even past that, the TV show Arrow and Flash, Iron Man 2 (to an extent, it was the same technology with a slightly different application) Captain America 2, the villain is just a bad version of the good guy. Definitely tired of it. Batman and Spider-Man have great villains because they're all so different from the hero themselves. It forces the hero to get creative rather than just engage in hand to hand combat
I don't really mind if it's Tony "copying" BP because it should make sense that the heroes would learn from each other and take inspiration from each other's ingenuity. Plus if it's proper Bleeding Edge then I believe it'll be different than what BP is using, as this doesn't appear to come from within his own body.
Based on leaked concept art it's looking like it's going to be a lot closer to Model 51 (current 616 suit) in function than Bleeding Edge, or at least in combat.
> Wakanda is always a bit of a step ahead of world technology.

So is Stark Industries.
I would love for T'Challa to aid Tony in creating in just as Reed Richards did in the comics. It seems like the perfect way to move forward. Or, since Princess Shuri is supposed to be the genius inventor for Wakanda who is basically their version of Tony Stark, maybe she helps Tony develop the armor.
> His armor was stored inside of the hollow of the bones 

Just how much space does one have in the 'hollow' of one's bones and wouldn't that transition hurt really badly?
Are you kidding me? They still have to get Queen of Drama. The saga isn't over yet. 
Can I get a quick insight as to what this is pertaining to? I haven't watched Funhaus in a few weeks and I'm not caught up to it all.
A very funny [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCboMX_UNgaPBsUOIgasn3-Q) that features videos of a group of guys and a girl casually playing games and just cracking joke after joke.  One of their most famous series involves them [playing random demo discs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoKlTIhCFwM), which often feature terrible games that lead to a lot of great material.
DUCU is above all
These revolutions make me so thirsty!
Ironically, this revolution will be televised worldwide
GIL SCOT HERON!
Rolling. In. His. Grave. 
Run the Jewels AND Vince Staples? My hip hop heart is happy.
Afro Futurism

i love that

EDIT: Thanks for all the feedback and recommended readings/listenings, especially the This American Life podcast.  I kind of feel silly not knowing Afro Futurism was a thing, but it's great to educate myself on new topics like this every now and then with the help of Reddit!
This is like the first Afro Futurism movie I can think of since Sun Ra: Space is the Place back in 74.


Well unless you wanted to count [B 14 **ONE AND TWO!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGcaOZjFN-k)
Except even when audiences know the world a lot because of past movies, the world building is still very good. How they handled Spider-Man showed this. 

They never had to say 'with great power comes great responsibility' because Peter was already living that way and made decisions based on that. 
too early is right. when i get my moon knight movie, then we'll see.
Unless it's their TV division. Woof. (Outside of AoS)
Once they got rid of Ike, Marvel has been free to get weird with it. 
Since Ike Perlmutter's influence left the movie division after Age of Ultron, it looks like the directors and even the producers have gotten more creative freedom. 
The thing I worry about is the movie being 'African-American' and not 'African'.
He's like a cat . . . with like black pants. L-like a . . black pant- . . . s cat. 

Black Man Cat.
 all of us
ANOTHER WOOOOORRLD PREMIERE 
DAMN
Well it works because after the first trailer had RTJ I was fucking hooked 
It's a microcosm of the tension between making an American movie for Americans about Africa. 


But Wakanda is very old-school tribal in terms of its aesthetics, traditionally. It's like Latveria, where it looks antiquated in spite of being cutting edge. Wakanda still has soldiers going around armed with just spears, but they shoot lasers or something. 
Fisk in DD s1 and Kilgrave are by far my most favorites villains.  Cottonmouth gets an honorable mention.  I think you're right, just with more time they can establish a proper villain.  Im hoping Thanos with two movies could do well. 
Cornell in Luke cage was also pretty badass 
The MCU is known for having fairly weak villains in terms of characterization.  So while Feige may be operating under that reasoning in theory, it isn't working as well in practice.  Many of the greatest villains of all time aren't just shadow versions of the hero that will ultimately pale in comparison, but incredibly distinct characters in their own right that bring their own unique history and style with them to the screen.
I didn't consider the time constraints. I should have put my faith in our lord and saviour, Kevin. 
> a meteor hit on the other side of the world, it went under the water, and this evil thing developed

Is this a reference to a specific villain?
I was expecting someone to post ProZD. 

*DARK ELVES*
I completely agree, but I feel like we're like 14 movies deep, we can throw the rulebook out the window. 
... but it's kind of a trope at this point. Joker, Magneto, Dr Doom, etc don't have the same abilities as their hero counterparts.
Oh shit this ones an even match i wonder who's gonna win 
Id say Ras is more than just a darker side of himself. He is like a Darth Vader to Luke. Mysticism, Domination, Family. 
Vulture was also similar to Peter-both were the little guys-but instead of staying positive about The Avengers he went full Walter White
Muscle bro that fights muscle bro with metal arm. 
It is generally what happens in origin movies. The hero has to prove themselves by defeating their equal before moving on to bigger foes.
It's a staple of most stories.
> The motherlode also affected the flora and fauna in some way, such as the mystical plant that the warriors and Wakanda kings ingest for greater strength.

http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Heart-Shaped_Herb
Time for a hyped poop. 
I think it's only the Avenger centered movies that look so bleak. 
Have you tried doing 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and 10km of running every day? That might work. 

Edit: don't forget to eat breakfast, even just a banana will do!
I take herb and then watch MCU trailers.
We gonna get Lion King up in here.
"WE NEED ROMAN TO GO OVER SHELTON BENJAMIN, DAMMIT!"  
You're the *real* Black Panther, Roman.
Make T'Challa look strong!
Black Panther 2- THE BIG DOG! vs the big cat.

BIG DOG GOES OVER!
Maybe they'll use CGI to blow up his limo.
His enemies can distract him with laser pointer.
> T’challa nonchalantly knocks something off of it.

Only the first time.  After that he makes forced eye contact and does it slow and deliberate.
Can Non'chala T'chalantly knock things back onto the table?
Thor and TChalla sitting at the kitchen table. Thor is reading a paper. TC nudges Mjolnir towards the edge with a scraping sound. Thor bends his paper down and glares at TC, then let's the paper back up. TC nudges it again, Thor bends the paper down and stares at TC, saying "Don't do it". TC, not breaking eye contact bat's Mjolnir off the table, to which Thor responds "God's damn it, stop knocking my shit off the table."

Camera pans out to show their apartment with a bunch of Thors stuff sitting on the floor, leaning up against a bookshelf, a kitchen counter, coffee table, etc... TC has been doing it all day.

Fade to black. 

Final scene has TC storming into Thors bedroom that night, turning on the lights and yelling/asking Thor if he took a shit in his litter box, Thor just grins and turns over to go back to sleep. 
You’ll like Thanos.
Let me introduce you to the DC superheroes... 
They nerfed the shit out of Spider-Man, what are you talking about?
The stakes in most good superhero media aren't "Will the main character survive?" They're "Will the main character save all of the civilians and their whole family?" and we had two different movies last year where the conclusive answer was "Definitely not." Black Panther's dad, the previous Black Panther, died on screen because the main characters were arguing and lazy about security and pissing off powerful people with their screwups. Black Panther won't die, but his mom? His bodyguards? Is he gonna fuck up and let his own capital city get destroyed? 
It's almost like they're super heroes or something.
But with balls
What is dead may never die 
Except he's not a little bitch
the important question now is: who will be Ramsay?
You don't have to choose.....You're an American and a Wakandan.
Mutants don't exist. The humans with superpowers are all made from spider bites, gamma radiation, and super soldier serum. /s
The villains and a little bit of their motives are apparent in this trailer.
I wouldn't just to be safe. It doesn't give away a lot but it does give away some. 

I wouldn't watch it if I were you. 
This is a story trailer, so it might not be the best to watch if you're really careful on spoilers. Mostly regarding a certain villain.
The answer is yes 👍
It's probably not a good idea because that costume is dark as hell and it's dangerous to be out at night like that. I always recommend the Flash or Robin for best visibility. 
Worse even, is the "is it appropriate to dress as black panther at all" given that some ignorant populace will likely try to equate it to the Black Panther party if they haven't already.
My six year old blonder than blond son went out on Halloween as Black Panther last year. 

Nobody cared, everyone thought it was awesome, and the best part was we met a bunch of other kids while walking the neighborhood who were dressed as other Avengers and they were super stoked to see a Black Panther.

This all culminated in lightsaber battle between the Avengers and a bunch of kids dressed as the Justice League in a fire-lit cul-de-sac while all the parents ate free burgers and hot dogs that a family was cooking out front of their house.

Halloween by me is so freaking awesome.
IF YOU DIDN'T KNOW, THIS is Wakanda, I am one of your rulers, T'Challa, alongside ambassador/grabassador, Everret K. Ross
But first let me tell you about Audible and Dollar Shave Club 
Not enough ad reads for it to be him. 
The television is only if the kickstarter reaches it's ultimate funding level.
Sounds like a monopoly
You should copyright this.
I'm sure he would have loved to hear his words in a trailer for a Disney movie. 
1 upvote = 1 prayer
Read somewhere that he is going to be setup as the recurring more larger villain similar to Doctor Strange did Mordo and Klaw is the main villain of this movie. I may be wrong though.
I doubt he's getting killed off soon. Marvel has been learning with their villains recently, and it won't make sense for a villain like Killmonger to die off without having a proper arc first.
Well I mean, it's not like I'm going to complain if Ragnarok is good...

BP just looks cooler to me, but nothing would make me happier than *two* awesome movies.
Fuck. I def see this happening. 
They should just go full Star Trek and have the villain be the same actor and costume but with an *evil* goatee.
They aren't doing it to mess with us, they are doing it because works. Every marvel movie follows the same formula and it's financial and critic success every time. Until it stops working, they won't change it (Or they run out of origin stories).
I mean, aside from Loki and Zemo... have there been yet any decent baddies?
I look at it as a way to prove they're more than just their powers or suit or whatever. You take a copy and the hero wins because he's the hero not just because of his powers.
I was super interested in how certain mutant powers in X Men destroyed other OP mutant powers, similar to Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, wherein even a weak power used smartly could beat a stronger one. Like how there is absolutely no way Wolverine could ever touch magneto or how Kitty Pride could essentially beat a variety of opponents. But nope, the hero movies just want huge explosives or fist fights. 
If Tony got wind of how that tech worked, theres a 0% chance he wouldn't make his own version.
Bleeding Edge is a shit load of tech Stark has accumulated over the years all coming together. Being made of nanobots which can be stored inside his physical body is only one feature.
It’s more than a little impressive to me that in the Marvel world, Tony is so intelligent his tech is comparable with the entire civilization of Wakanda research and without vibranium. 
"Tony Starks arrives, the metal emerging from his skin forms an indestructible suit of armor. Peter asks:

-How is this possible? How can you store that inside your body?

Tony smiles. The visor comes down and he looks Parker dead in the eyes. 

-In my bones, Peter.

-But Tony - He asks, confused. - There is not way you can fit that much metal inside your bones. There is not that much room inside of the bones of a normal man.

Tony retreats his armor back into his body. 


That's my secret Pete. - He says as he sits down on a wheelchair laying in the back of a pick up truck. - I have osteoporosis.
For the past like two and half months every demo disk they have been attempting to unlock a song called Mother's Be Aware in a terrible dancing game they had on a disk. This week they finally unlocked it.
Also they search for rule 34 of the demos they played at the end of the video.
The Dark Universe Cinematic Universe doesnt hold a flame to the Tugg Nugg Cinematic universe 
If you're unaware, Vince is endorsed by Sprite and often tweets about how much he loves it. https://twitter.com/vincestaples/status/895047680388251649

If you're just fucking around, I feel that too. 
To make that line relevant to this day and age, it should be 'The revolution will not be streamed' or something like that.
If you are interested in learning more, there is a whole episode of This American Life on Afro Futurism that could get you started. 

https://m.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/623/we-are-in-the-future

PS- I acknowledge that This American Life is probably the whitest way to be introduced to anything. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrofuturism <- my favorite creative aesthetic, so I'm hyped.

For more depictions of afrofuturism, [here's a good article](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/12/fashion/afrofuturism-the-next-generation.html). [here is another.](http://www.okayafrica.com/african-future-okayafrica-introduction-afrofuturism/)
r/Afrofuturism/

Personally I recommend the album 'the splendor and the misery' by Clipping, which involves an escaped slave on a space ship. 
Afro Futurism was already a thing. It wasn't just made to describe this film
There's a couple of interviews that the set and costume designer spoke on. Marvel let them travel to Africa for inspiration. That's friggin legit.
Well... there was that other film, [but we don't talk about that one.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gayniggers_from_Outer_Space)
Exactly, thank Feige they didn't show us Uncle Ben's death all over again. 
That's a good point - maybe it's about being free to carve out their own world while still being connected to the overarching narrative? GOTG/Black Panther have this freedom because the source material is obscure. Spider-Man had it because we've had soooo many interpretations and it needed to differentiate himself 
Daredevil, Jessica Jones and half pf Luke Cage were good.  Basically anthing without the Hand. 
*Marvel Studios.

Look at the mess which is Inhumans.
Part of what made District 9 so refreshing was the authentic feel of the setting. I doubt this will go anywhere near that far, it would be great to have something like that to give this film (and others in the series) more identity. many of these Marvel films really feel too similar to each other, I get they are going for one 'world' but breaking the tone and style up a little more for some of the movies would make them better imo.
That's sort of my fear as well. Anybody talking about "blackness" as if that's a relevant concept doesn't understand Africa, nor really any part of the world outside of America. "Blackness" is a pointless term on a continent where basically everybody is black, and thus cultures aren't defined by race.

I think the movie is going to be solid in portraying an African setting rather than an African-American one, but the marketing department doesn't seem to have gotten the memo. Using African-American music in the trailer really made me cringe.
Give me a run for my money
RTJ loves marvel. They're doing another promo with them soon.
And it is often best to save them for the 2nd or 3rd movie where more time can be spent delving into them, and not when you are already introducing the audience to the hero.


I think the Batverse's villains are next-level because they're characters driven by specific compulsions and psychologies. In Nolan's films, Ra's al Ghul, the Joker, and even Bane are *crusaders*. They deeply believe in their causes. Those causes say something specific about who they are as villains (al Ghul's thirst for reciprocal justice, the Joker's true faith in anarchy as a solution, Bane's glowering sadism). You gain an understanding for them (well, Bane a little less so, because he's played more obscurantist).

Whereas so many of the MCU villains so far have been boilerplate despots and greedy businessmen. They do villainy things, and so they need to be stopped, but there's little sense of empathy. Loki's still the only one I've really given a shit about, and I think that's largely because you get that early sequence in the first *Thor* where he learns of his true heritage, and we see real, raw despair. Which forms a foundation that carries through all of his films afterward. We really understand him.
Don't think so, probably something he came up with on the spot to answer the question. 
It makes an easy starting movie.  Outside of the Vulture and Loki, every first movie so far has been a mirror enemy.

I agree though, and wish they would throw varied enemies at them first.
It's marvel ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
They don't have to have the same abilities. Joker is a dark reflection of Batman though, all of his main enemies are. He's the chaos to Batman's order, he uses practical joke/clown related gadgets, he's colorful while Batman is not. Magneto is similar, both he and Professor X want mutant rights but they have different ideas about how to achieve them - Xavier prefers cooperation and diplomacy, Magneto prefers a more militant approach. Magneto manipulates the physical world while Xavier manipulates the mental. 
Yeah but their powers aren't really comparable at all
Saying that they were the same just because neither were as big as the Avengers is quite a stretch. Their powers were different, their motivations were different, their place in the world was different, their personalities were different. They were different, and in a way that was more complex than just polar opposites.

If you look really hard, you can find a connection between any two characters. That doesn't mean they are similar overall.
Cryogenic Old Timey Musclebro at that
I really like how Marvel invented 'The Hero's Journey' as a story archetype. Clever
Not to be confused with a hyper poop. That shit can send you airborne.
Right, The Guardians movies definitely have their own very specific aesthetic too.  GOTG2 was probably one of the most colorful movies I've ever seen.  

[deleted]
THAT'S NOT EVEN THAT EXTREME OF A WORKOUT! JUST A REGULAR WORKOUT!
But but but what about his hair?
In addition, keep the AC off in summer and the heat off in winter to strengthen the mind!
That's just a mediocre training program. I don't understand!!!!!!
That . . . doesn't sound good for you. 

Can't I just ride my bike everywhere and help people?
Wait. Shelton Benjamin is back?
Gotta make Thanatos look strong.
But they aren't even on the same brand tho.
You might be the Black Panther but this is the Big Dog's yard OOOOOOOAAAHAHHHAHAA
"Black Panther is coming to break up our smuggling ring, sir."

"Deploy the cardboard box diversionary tactic!!"
I laughed way too hard at this.
[deleted]
Superman is dead man.  I don't think theyd cheapen his death by having hin come back the next movie.

If they did that they might as well totally negate his death by hinting at his return at the end of Dawn of Justice,  using something dumb like floating dirt.
Dude he's like 16 in the movie. 
I don’t think they nerfed him a whole lot.

He caught that 2 ton fucking car at 40 mph. They made extra sure we saw how powerful Cap and Bucky were, pulling down a god damn helicopter and catching a battering ram singlehandedly, only to further show naturally strong Peter is when he beats Cap hand to hand (but not in strategy) and catches Bucky’s arm like he was a child.
I think people often forget how strong Spider-man is because strength isn't one of his most recognizable powers. Having little reminders in the movies always makes for really awesome moments, like in Homecoming when he lifts the building off of himself or the bit in TASM 2 where he catches a police car out of the air. 
This guy gets it. The sooner you accept that the main character won’t die the sooner you’ll actually enjoy the movies. The characters in the comics have stayed alive for 60+ years and people still read them and love them. 

Also something I would like to add is killing off main characters has to be the most lazy way of “raising the stakes”, I would much rather see more complicated and creative ways of raising the stakes like the movies already have been doing that people seem to ignore. I don’t get why people want all these main characters dying, I actually really like these characters and want to see them grow and develop. Most MCU characters are nowhere near full potential so killing them off is a waste of that potential, the best way to kill off an important character is to do it after they have peaked, not before. 
For now
I mean, we don't KNOW he has them
He has plenty of balls.

Did you see he threw 3 balls at those trucks after dropping from that flying Wacandan plane? 
Expect a big redemption for him by series end.
Don't forget the Inhumans. No, on second thought do forget them.
It's gonna be "guy gets powerful suit, fights guy who has a similar yet slightly more powerful suit" just like Iron Man and Ant-Man.
Any trailer will give away some. It's just the nature of a trailer. 
As long as there's no blackface involved and it's just a white kid in the suit, sure. 
If you really want to be visible should go as reverse flash instead
I went as Kid Flash in the 1980s. No one had any idea who I was supposed to be.

My son wants to be John Cena for Halloween. I said no way, literally no one could see him.
Or ya know Cultural appropriation in the other direction. I can see both ways
I hate this argument that's stirring up this year. I understand the roots of it all, but can't we just let kids be kids and enjoy Halloween and their costumes like we did when we were younger? Kids don't pick out costumes because of cultural insensitivity or wanting to play into a joke. THEY PICK A FUCKING COSTUME CAUSE THEY LIKE THE CHARACTER. 
I mean, one of the leaders of the ignorance disguised as intelligence movement claimed that The Dark Knight Rises was the liberal media trying to take down Mitt Romney because Bane and Bain are homonyms. It's pretty much a guarantee that there will be a claim that this movie is trying to recruit everyone into the Black Panthers.
#getpaid
What are you going to revolutionize? A shoe? 
Well they already monopolize vibranium, why not their own tv service?
Psh, don’t act like you know GSH. For all we know he would be proud to support a film of strong African characters saving the world. 
This sort of thing happens all the time in advertising.  "Lust for Life" was used to sell cruise vacations.  "Sixteen Tons" was used to promote the coal industry.

http://www.slate.com/articles/business/ad_report_card/2005/06/whats_the_worst_ad_song_ever.html


Spoiler: He's confirmed to be in Infinity War 
I'm still salty that they [killed off Kaecillius. Such a shame we won't see any more Mads Mikkelson](#spoiler).
He's one of BP's main archenemies. They won't kill him this early.

Give him the Vulture treatment and we're all good.
You got to keep MBJ around for as long as you can. 
I mean, just cuz its predictable doesnt necessarily mean it's bad.
The villains aren't what makes the movies critical successes though. Most critics agree that Doctor Strange and Antman had awful villains.
Ego could have been a great villain if the 3rd act didn't pitter out. 

The Vulture
And it also shows the viewer just how destructive the hero's powers could be if used for evil. And while I don't necessarily agree with it, the choice to have a villain with similar origins and powers in hero origin films means you can spend more time introducing the hero and their abilities to the viewer. Most characters's sequel movies give more variety to the villains
Yes, a Rock-Paper-Scissors dynamic! As seen in the majority of strategy gaming. It would be incredibly interesting... these are *teams* of superheroes after all, and the necessary strategizing would add another layer to the plot, in addition to spanning multiple movies.

But like the other commenter said, these are formulaic movies. It probably sounds like too much extra work for the studios, given that moviegoers will see them regardless.
I don't think we'll ever see a fight like Sticky Fingers vs Grateful Dead in a Hollywood movie 
Well, in the comics Tony does use vibranium sometimes. But in the comics Tony isn't nearly as far ahead with tech as he is in the movies - in the comics Reed and Doom are way better than he is, and he is at a similar level as Hank Pym, Bruce Banner, Peter Parker, Hank McCoy, and, of course, Black Panther. 
Ah yes ok, I remember them trying that on one that I watched.
Laws are just ideas.
It's also in the first line of Norf Norf.
Ha! NPR and PBS have taught me a lot and broadened my view so much. But I know that feeling well. Every time I mention hearing something on NPR, I have a little feeling of nerd cringe...
Thanks for this.  I've honestly never heard that word used, interesting stuff!
So I guess thats where Overwatch's Numbani falls, because honestly the large pan-over shot of Wakanda reminded me a lot of Numbani as well.
Seems like this movie is going to put it on the big map though. The works they list above are all novels and some art, and of course the comics that you'd need to seek out. 

This is really going to expose it to the masses in a way never before possible. Marvel marketing is going to expose this to millions.
Did he say that it was? Or did you just needlessly and passive-aggressively correct someone to prove your intelligence? 
You know Africa is like a 10 hour flight right? Its not another planet. 
Hopefully they got the proper pronunciations for places and things this time. Last avengers movie they went to Lagos, Nigeria and didn’t bother to ask a Nigerian how to pronounce Lagos. It was the worst part of that whole movie. 
At least that cinematic universe never really took off.
I'm still so curious what the first Spider-Man would have looked like if David Fincher had stayed on. He wanted to do the entire origin story as a short, wordless montage at the very beginning 
Which at this point is only half of the Netflix content. Half of DD S2, IF, DEF and the other half of LC.

We're at a tipping point. If Punisher ends up being bad then I'm probably done.
The day that man is out of Marvel completely, I'll throw a fucking party
I mean that was a mess before it started, a network television show about heroes like that? Most of the Inhuman comics were action and battle driven not character driven(which is what you need to make a show with limited special effects budgets work), it would be damn near impossible to make it feasible within a network television show.


It would be like deciding to make a live Dragonball Z series for network television. 
Plus, you don't want to burn the 'best' villian on the first movie. Who would they fight next? 
And unsurprisingly, Loki and Vulture are the only two villains in the MCU that are pretty much universally liked. 
Loki has a different skillset but in a lot of ways is a darker version of the "good" Odinson, he turned evil seeing that he would never reach what his brother was going to achieve ( movie or comic version)
Here, take your arm \\
Logan just had Wolverine fight a *literal* evil clone of himself. And everyone thinks that's the best movie ever so it clearly doesn't matter that much.
Your last sentence just blew my mind.
Was gonna lay down the hurt on you until I realized...

We are one and the same, kindred spirit
Yes, everyone always forgets that part.
That just falls out while you're building your abilities. But let's not point it out, please.
*That's my secret Captain, I'm already balding.* 
Smackdown Live.
Yes, but this might also be in reference to Vince calling another black wrestler Shelton after he left the company a while back.
If they fed Cena and Taker to Roman while they were on Smackdown then no one is safe
So...?  
-Vince, probably
Survivor Series is coming up
u/MeanAmbrose

Nomination for r/SquaredCircle best of October
It's too small, sir! He cannot fit, he cannot sit!
Thanos, man...legendary titan? Aw, forget it.
Star Lord’s father in law, his hobbies are collecting Infinity Stones and killing Avengers.
That would almost be as bad as having Batman stop fighting Superman because their mom's share a common name. 
Oh man... 😂
Dont walk down the toy aisle in your local target. It'll spoil and cheapen the movie for you.
That’s the point. He’s not invincible at all. Boy got his ass kicked half the movie. And it was awesome. 
I meant that they nerfed him *since* Civil War
For you
I'm going to be pissed if 3/4ths of this movie is some weird torture porn. 
What a twist!
A lot of cats do get neutered. 
That was T'Challa.
Quake is a national treasure. 
It's the quintessential villain trope for superheroes in media: "Your greatest nemesis is your evil twin."

Wolverine's technically done it twice in the wider X-Men series, Cap had Red Skull in his first movie, Hulk had Abomination in his sorta-canon pre-Avengers film, etc.
> guy gets powerful suit

At least we got this out of the way already. One of my favorite things about Civil War was they knocked out the origin stories for two upcoming solo introductions. I think we can all appreciate not having a third Spiderman origin movie.
What if I'm a dude playing a dude, disguised as another dude?
To me you've been visible for centuries
That's funny. I've seen somebody try to explain that the whole Dark Knight trilogy is about George Bush, and that the Joker was the war on terror (the surveillance used by Lucius Fox would have been the Patriot Act) and that Bane was the "occupy Wall Street" movement. While it sort of fits, I highly doubt Christopher Nolan adapted batman for a whole trilogy just to idolize George Bush.
Worth the money Greg. Love KFGD
Perhaps he would, but the tension between his words and what Disney is doing should be blatantly obvious. 
At this point it’s more surprising if a character isn’t in Infinty War
Didnt dormammu just take him with him?
He has to remain. The mcu is the human torch rehabilitation center. 
Was pretty awesome for ironman. If it works for the story, I say go for it.
Antman had a villian? Oh ... yeah... I guess that's right. 

Like, literally, it was a big training montage and then a heist, with a fight at the end. The villian wasn't important until that little end fight. 
Goddamit it upsets me every day that Reed and Doom aren't in the MCU.
Flashback to [the suburban mom flipping out over Norf Norf.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=m3CBwoAsBU0)

[And who could forget the remix?](https://youtu.be/o8NmvEt_cVA#t=1m25s)
Aint nothing wrong with being nerdy! I've listened to NPR nearly everyday since I was 15! The amount of shit I have learned is astonishing, one of the best ways to stay informed in America. It may be "super white" as the og commentor said, but they really take lengths to take a multi-angled lens to current events, and their human interest strories (i.e. this American Life) do anything but focus on white middle class American issues. 

Just don't let people know you get a sensible chuckle out of wait wait don't tell me, that's when the real nerd cringe sets in lol.
Congrats on being one of the 10000 today. You have found a very rich vein of an often ignored portion of science fiction to go exploring. Enjoy your stay.
I absolutely love Afrofuturism - The late great Dwayne McDuffie of Justice League and Justice League Unlimited Writing fame and creator of Black superheros static shock and Icon created some rich Afrofuturism characters during his run of his company Milestone Comics before it was eventually acquired by DC comics
I'm not familiar with it so I googled - and looks like it is definitely part of that aesthetic. Super cool. 
Marvel probably could afford it too!
Which do you think, BvS or Spiderman 2? Because both did it quite differently.
You mean like the opening to Watchmen? Gave you a lot of information and history to a great song.
What was wrong with DD S2? I liked it, they made the Hand seem actually dangerous and mysterious, and had actual ninjas instead of wannabe gangsters.
I really liked Defenders
Good news is that early reviews of punisher have been very well liked. The biggest issue was that it probably glorified too much violence and guns, but that's literally punisher.

 It was supposed to be released around nycc, but they delayed it because of vegas.  

Hell even runaways has gotten great reception so far.  Basically anything not related to Scott buck has been well received. 
Ike did a lot to help Marvel out of a mess back in the day, but that day was a long time ago. He's been an absolute albatross with his policy on the properties Marvel lost, particularly X-Men and the Inhumans.

There's still not a single fucking X-Man in the new Capcom vs Marvel for fuck's sake.
I've no doubt that it could've been done well. It's totally possible to turn something from action-driven to character-driven.

But it's been a piss-poor attempt thus far. 
Yeah, they're easily the best so far.  Though I really liked Red Skull as well.  Outside of origin movies, I think Baron Zemo has been the best villian.
And it's not like they way out there, completely different concepts.

Vulture was just a man that was screwed by the Avengers, while Spidey wanted to be an avenger.      
Loki wanted to be the king of Asgard and so did Thor.

So they can be really similar, just don't have to completely mirror each other.
That's supposed to be Andy Serkis' character
Thank you friendo
I get your point, but Logan had a fuck ton more going on that just Logan vs. Evil Logan.
Logan was a movie where the villain wasn’t supposed to be half of the main plot. The movie was about Logan finding his end. But this looks like a standard Marvel intro film, so the villain is going to be a major part of it.
Well, time was probably the real villain in that movie.
Their philosophies are reflected in their powers - Xavier prefers to win hearts and minds, while Magneto thinks that's foolish, that only physical action can help mutantkind. 
Wait. Smackdown is live?
"Bring me the cucumber."
INFINITY GEODES, MARIE
Good. Hopefully he doesn’t just attack empty cars and buildings.
That was such a Forrest Gump moment.

"Your momma name is Martha, too?"
No way a script like that would make it to production. You know how many eyes would have to sign off on that?  
Already?
That's basically the point of spiderman. Most of his villains are more powerful than him. He only wins his battles because he keeps going after he's gotten the shit beat out of him while annoying the bad guys with constant jokes.
UUUU
so is yo-yo
Thor vs. Loki, Iron Man vs. Iron Monger...

It's a common trope because it makes establishing the setting easier, and it shows us the dark side of the hero's powers. Once that's been done in the origin story, you can do more interesting villains in the sequels.
Incredible Hulk is 100% canon
What do _you_ mean, "_you_ people?"
Dressed as a big black cat too.
Yeah. It is kinda queasy to have the status quo make money off the feeling of revolting against the status quo. 

Simple Rick's freedom wafers: enjoy the feeling of overthrowing society, in stores now. 

But then again, this is clearly Disney updating and adapting. How many flicks are there in African countries that aren't completely depressing? I think the song is good but still feel, like I said, a bit queasy. 
They made it look like he was being disintegrated, so IDK. I suppose Dormammu is keeping him just alive enough to feel the pain, but it seems like they won't be bringing him back regardless. Dormammu would have no reason to.
A burn ward, perhaps?
This guy gets it
I think the opening montage of *The Incredible Hulk* is probably a better example. 
Personally I really liked the portion dealing with the Punisher and the gangs. The whole blood magic, Noobu(sp) coming back randomly (I know it's been explained now) and ninjas everywhere was a drastic change from the first half of the season. Threw me off a bit.
The FF are getting it worse than the X-Men, but we're a much smaller segment of the fanbase 
What? Really? Even Wolverine?


He's the only villain that won
Baron was cool in the over arc but for some reason I can't stop obsessing about MK's Vulture. He was just so perfect. 
Red Skull doesn’t do much for me but I understand the sentiment. And I really like the understated approach of Zemo in Civil War and how he effects the film but not necessarily the character himself, if that makes sense
I think he has a missile arm now. He can shoot missiles out of his fucking arm cannon. What a time to be alive!

I bet he mocapped that missle too. 
Wasnt this supposed to be a sort of parallel to Malcom X and MLK? Funny how Professor X is the reverse of the namesake.
What next, the guys from Three Man Band winning big WWE championships? Don't make me laugh... ^^^^/s
Wait, I thought Sony owned the rights to The Cucumber.
r/nocontext
"Spray bottles at the READY!"
Jesus Marie!
"Sorry I had a fight in your black panther party 
Then how do you explain Suicide Squad?
Nah Spider-Man is incredibly strong. He’s jobbing in most fights because if he didn’t pull his punches he could kill with a single blow.
Spider-Man’s like the best hero in Marvel. He gonna get real strong. Or maybe I just read too much Ultimate SM lol
Actually, Spider-Man is more powerful than all his villains except for like Venom, Carnage, and Morlun (interdimensional vampire being). He is also much more intelligent than any of them, and has Spider Sense. He's just written to be a jobber most of the time, LOL.
Lash, while underused, was awesome too
I wouldn't count Thor vs Loki in this comparison. They may both be asgardian gods. But Thor is more about brute strength, while Loki uses deception. That's like saying that superman and lex Luthor are the same.
Claw?  Man-Ape?

I love Black Panther as a hero.  I like the Dr. Doom style combo of mysticism and high tech, backed by a nation.  The designs for Wakandan tech, drawing from ancient motifs and scifi motifs kinda like stargate is so awesome.  Plus the whole heavy crown, and juggling identities and backgrounds.  But I never got into any of Black Panther's villians.  Was always better when he was battling Avenger villians or other major Marvel bad dudes.


Unless you're Iron Man, in which case you just do the same thing 2 more times
Just gonna leave [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zPEtyAsM94) here
I'M A LEAD FARMER MOTHERFUCKER
Dormammu dissolved the skin of him and his followers as he took them into the Dark Dimension, turning them into Mindless Ones, his minions in the comics. It's possible Dormammu could reconstruct Kaecilius' form as a body he can use on Earth in the sequels.
I always thought it was funny how they started the mcu hulk right around where the ang lee hulk ended. 
Spoiler for MARVEL LEGACY #1[Well they seem to be coming back. The end of that issue hinted that Frank and Valerie are interested in coming back to the Marvel Universe proper. They've been in some type of between universe area since SECRET WARS ended](#spoiler)
There's literally dozens of us! Dozens! 
even him is missing.
It's because he was a normal human.  Most of the villains are psychopaths.
Zemo is the best villain the MCU has introduced in IMO. Sure his presence was small and his plot verged on convenience but I could sympathize with his desire for revenge. 
Was it tied up in the Spiderman franchise rights?
And it comes full circle. 
Pretty sure that is still in development. 
[deleted]
He stopped a fuckin train in 2 and lifted up a thousand pounds of concrete he was crushed flat under in Homecoming.
> He gonna get real strong

Nope, he will get 3 movies and a reboot.
Plus, Loki is the most fleshed-out and sympathetic villain in the MCU, and that was accomplished in his first film and has been successfully built upon to set up Infinity War. 
You know, I never really thought about it before, but Dr. Doom and Black Panther would make a really interesting adversarial dichotomy. Has there ever been a big story between them, like a war between nations?
Yeah, it's less forgivable if it's done twice in the same series like Iron Man did. At least they made up for it in Iron Man 3.
Ah I see. Did not know about Mindless Ones. By the time Dormammu returns, hopefully Dr. Strange is a fully realized Sorcerer Supreme and they can tango 1 on 1.
I always thought that the Incredible Hulk was a sort of follow up to that hulk film (I never saw the ang lee one and because I thought this back in 2008 I still kind of feel like it's true in a way, even though it's not )
Dude. That’s simply not MVC then. I need my **BERSERKER BARRAGE**
When Doc Ock took over his body didn’t he accidentally punch off someone’s jaw, not realizing he had to be careful with his punches?
I wouldn't say most heroes. He's like a 25 ton guy and marvel has tons of 100+ ton guys. He's just stupid strong for street tier
I'm betting that concrete weighed more then just half a ton 
2, if he shows up late to a meeting.
I wish more MCU villains lived through more than one movie. It'd really help in making them feel like legitimate threats.
In film, sure. But in all of MCU that honor goes to Wilson Fisk aka The Kingpin IMO.
I remember back when everyone was Joker crazy and I couldn't get it, because to me Loki was such a great villain. 
I thought IM3 had the worst villain of the series. I don't remember a single thing about Guy Pearce's character other than that Tony was mean to him when he was younger and he breathed fire at one point.
It gets a bad rep, but I really liked Hulk. It’s very campy, but the scenes where he goes off you can really feel the sheer power of the character
What, is firebrand not an adequate replacement for you? 

Seriously tho that games roster is a goddamn joke 
