i'm ashamed at how hard i laughed at ass beer
I laughed out loud multiple times during this trailer.  I hope this turns out to be good. 
I'm just gonna come out and say it but I find John Cena to be hilarious 
I love terrible raunchy comedies.  I'm sure this will be good fun.  I'm in.
Gotta give them credit for a fairly original concept (parents trying to stop their kids from having sex)
I'm in love with Leslie Mann 
Damn some of y'all are cynical. I think this actually looks pretty good
This looks like it could be a fun movie. I also liked that the trailer consisted mainly of one longer scene to set up the plot, rather than jumping all over the place including showing the end and every single joke. 
Hahahha looks funny just like the first Neighbours one. Definitely gonna see it.
Really want Cena to become a bigger star in acting, especially comedy. He was great in Trainwreck and his scenes in this trailer actually made me laugh out loud. 
The comedic timing that John Cena has is kinda nuts.
Genuinely laughed during the trailer.
I think John Cena is a better actor than The Rock, he has much better comedic timing.
I had low expectations, now, I have medium expectations
I like John Cena and Ike Barinholtz, and I actually think this is kind of a clever premise for a comedy movie. The parents of the teens in an American Pie-style teen comedy find out about the sex pact and try to stop it from happening. It's a neat idea.

Too bad this trailer isn't very funny.
That was pretty good. A trailer that didn't reveal too much and made me laugh pretty damned hard. Cena is real good at playing a white bread father.
John Cena is the perfect cockblock. You'll never see him coming.
This looks really entertaining. Cena's comedic presence is brilliant IMO.
You cant see me.
I'm officially old.  I didn't know that emojis were all secret meanings...

I knew the eggplant one though.
YOUR TIME IS UP MY TIME IS NOW 
Man, how many times does Hollywood write about high school students losing their virginity at prom? There has to be over a hundred this decade alone.
Wow does this look bad.
I'll probably see it when it goes on demand.
As much as I would want to like this movie with John Cena, but it looks horrible.  Honestly, that beer funnel scene.  What the hell is that?
Wow, seeing that Flip camera at the beginning really got to me for some reason.
“Stand down”

That laptop emoji scene must’ve caused fits of laughter and multiple retakes
At one point, it was announced that Haley Lu Richardson (from the movies "The Bronze", "The Edge of Seventeen", and "Split") was cast in this. As far as I can tell, I guess she would have been Leslie Mann's daughter in the movie (who ended up being played by Kathryn Newton).

Here's a Hollywood Reporter article from when Richardson was announced as being cast in the movie back in March. The movie was also originally called "The Pact" (a much better title IMO. "Blockers" is trying way too hard to be cute and makes no sense unless you actually watch the trailer):

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/split-actress-joins-leslie-mann-john-cena-virginity-comedy-pact-977116

I wonder what happened. 
I would typically wait for on demand for something like this, but this is why I got MoviePass
[deleted]
So glad John Cena is making movies and not wrestling anymore. This looks hilarious. 
Everything that is wrong with America in one trailer!
Looks terrible.  It'll be in theaters for a week.
Always remember:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4feIwig2AtA
And people wonder why comedies arent making much money, because most are as bad as this one.
[deleted]
Same here, but I'm worried those might be the best jokes. 
it was meh
I thought it was very funny!
His instagram shows his true personality
lol
Anti whore parent army. 
So is Judd Apatow
no it doesn't 
He was funnier than the fucking professional comedian that starred in the film.
If you're going to become one of the big boys in contemporary WWE, you need to have at least SOME acting chops. The superstars like The Rock and John Cena have proven hard work pays off.
As a comedic actor, sure, you got a case. But dramatic? I'm not sure yet. I know Cena was just in that *The Wall*, which I haven't seen yet, but I wouldn't rule out the Rock because he killed it in *Southland Tales*, despite that film being a total mess.
I cracked up when cena caught him 
The trailer is funny. 
Yeah the cast looks great and the premise is promising, but I could go my whole life without hearing another variation of "parents don't get emojis LOL XD"
Yeah, that was bleak. Maybe they left all the funny jokes out of the trailer so as not to spoil them. /s
He still wrestles. 
Dafuq bro??

Bad moms made $184 million while the most critically acclaimed and titled best comedy of the year The Big Sick made just $52 million.

You sir have a senseless logic. 

A comedy's job is to make one laugh and if it succeeds in doing so, people will pay to watch it irrespective of its artistic brilliance or the critcal acclaim.
CHUG! CHUG! CHUG!
Elaborate please.
Aren't they in the process of splitting up?
I'll duel him @ wildy 1v1 full rune armor
LeBron James got the biggest laugh in a movie featuring one of the worlds biggest comedians 
Also Batista.
ugh i try to forget that I paid money to see Southland Tales in a theatre...
He was pretty good in Gridiron Gang as well.
"I can do this"
* Grabs leg and swings back onto balcony*
"What the fuck?!?".


It was good
Do part timers count? 
This movie looks terrible regardless of what the box office numbers do 
Well this is the part where you look at his instagram and judge for yourself
That film was like Donnie Darko on steroids, in that it was so not as deep as 13 year old me believed. Still, that scene with Justin Timberlake dancing to The Killers should forever remain in the cultural zeitgeist.
"FAKE ASS PART TIMING BITCH!" 
I just see a bunch of pictures with no one in them.
It's all shit he likes basically, but never captioned and sometimes weirdly hilarious
