"Get me Bruce Willis, and someone who looks distractingly similar to play the detective investigating him."
fun fact: every previous director attached (Stallone, Joe Carnahan, Aharon Keshales & Navot Papushado) to this movie has left due to creative differences. It has been in the development hell for like a decade. Joe Carnahan's email to the studio head after dropping out of the project is fucking legendary:

>"You had a potential Oscar-winning film with maybe the best script in Hollywood but because you're a coward and a dumb cunt you now have an untested, second-time director and an arrogant, lazy, aging action star that will run that poor kid into the ground,"

>"Good luck, asshole. You're a spineless, gutless turd who doesn't belong in the business. Enjoy your run as a 'studio head,' Glickman. It's going to be a short one. Fuck you, Joe Carnahan."

I actually like Eli Roth's movies but this trailer looks just what I expected and feared. It could still be a pretty fun action movie but it's not what I wanted this remake to be. It has the potential to be a really shocking serious drama but this looks like another generic Bruce Willis action movie with the stupid Eli Roth comedy (that I like sometimes, it works in Cabin Fever but it's fucking awful in Green Inferno) I don't know about Stallone (I think in the Stallone version the character was a retired cop who had never fired his gun) but Carnahan and the Big Bad Wolves guys all wanted to make it as a serious drama and this trailer confirms that's not what the studio wanted.


but hey if it's fun schlock like Death Wish 3 I'm down. I just think the story has potential to be so much better.
Man the tone of the trailer really changes after Back in Black starts playing. I can't tell what they're going for.
Whaaaaat? Not only is it weird that this movie has been remade twice in the last decade, but the tone of this trailer is really off-putting. It's dark, and then it's a light action comedy?
[removed]
Looks tonally all over the place. Another cash grab for willis.
Dean Norris and Bruce Willis might be a little bit too much baldness.
So....he's the punisher?
Holy crap the tone is just completely fucked up.

You could make Death Wish into a serious drama thriller and it'd have pretty good potential. But making a light action flick? Who thought this would be a good idea?
Dafuq...AC/DC out of nowhere.

"Where's Mommy?"

"She's dead."

DUM. DUM-DUM-DUM. DUM-DUM-DUM.
looks no different from the recent dreck of Bruce Willis VOD shit, only difference is it has an existing property attatched that the studio thinks they could actually sell
Best comment from YouTube on this:

"if this movie is not full of rape and it doesn't have someone getting blown up with a bazooka, then it isn't a real death wish movie!﻿"
My kids watch movies in the van and one of them is this mid-2000's Dreamworks miss "Over the Hedge". It was based on a comic strip and it's about some wild animals who come out of hibernation to find that a subdivision was built around them. The lead is Gary Shandling and there's the usual mid-2000's Wanda Sykes and sure, the kids like Avril Lavigne why not let her voice a opossum? Anyway, Bruce Willis voices the wisecracking, don't need nobody, loner raccoon who comes to learn that family blah, blah, blah. The sad part is that his voice acting performance in this random kids movie is probably better than anything he's done in the last 5-6 years. It sounds like he actually gives a shit you know? I watch this trailer and I can't tell if he's trying to be "intense" cause it just comes off as bored or asleep. I wish he would find something he cared about instead of just taking easy money and phoning it in.
That looks like the epitome of the American power fantasy.
This looks terrible.
RAMPAAAAAGE!
Ok, now that I'm done ranting, here's something fun (kinda).

If you want to see a film in a similar vein, but with a more dramatic, slightly more realistic, and more character-driven approach, I would highly recommend "Death Sentence" starring Kevin Bacon from 2007.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZuJuuZabx8

It also stars John Goodman and Garret Hedlund (before he hit it not-so-big in "Tron Legacy").
That tonal shift was a bit abrupt, did they just give up halfway through and decide to remake The Equaliser? 
That trailer looks fucked. It was all wrong from top to bottom. The casting of Willis, the serious but then wacky vibe, hell even the choice of music was painfully inappropriate. Bronson must be turning in his grave.
I don't trust Eli Roth.  Everything he touches turns to shit.
The big point in Death Wish was that Charles Bronson never got revenge. That his loss was a random act of violence that triggered him to turn into a vigilante - and he ended up taking that out on random, violent, criminals. Also one of his iconic weapons was filling a sock with loose change. This trailer had none of that.
Well that was bizarre. If the trailer can't even decide on a tone, then god help the actual movie.
Seriously... who the fuck though Back in Back was a suitable track for a fucking Death Wish film? It's it going to be a comedy?
Director:Bruce, I've got this script...
Willis: Will the check clear?
Director:Well, ya! It's about--
Willis: I'm in.
Bruce Willis is no Charles Bronson... 

Serious miscast here...
This just looks like a really bad version of Edge of Darkness with Mel Gibson.
Spoiler Alert: 0:32 Louis CK is the killer. 
Looks meh
I expected nothing but somehow I'm still let down.

As much as I dislike remakes (excluding The Thing & The Departed) Death Wish was one of the few that needed a remake but instead of a action movie, make it a serious drama like what Joe Carnahan wanted to do or what Sidney Lumet wanted to do with the original before he had to drop out to do Serpico)

It's really a shame that we're going to get a action movie that not only embraces the fascist fantasy more than the original but also has that stupid Eli Roth comedy that will completely f-up the tone of the film.
What a weird trailer. You throw in Sway right at the beginning, then it seems okay, then AC/DC comes on and it's just a grand ol' time. I'm not completely sure how to feel except it definitely isn't the original.
I can understand people being upset but honestly, if looks like a fun, cheesy 80's type action flick. I mean, are people expecting something else?
 
Uh... wtf? Starts off seeming like a really dark action-thriller about a guy getting revenge... Turns into a comedy?
That is the entirely wrong song to use for this trailer.
I read the title of the post as 'deathnote'. Was very confused
Sorry, but I will stick with the Charles Bronson version. Hell, even [Death Sentence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVdWq9jxejI) with Kevin Bacon looked better. 
This looks horrible and missed every bit of nuance that made the original a cult classic. Congrats Hollywood on making another remake turd. But hey, the international audience will probably eat it up, so I'm sure they won't care. 
Mancow?
Lost me 100% at AC/DC
Why does it look so...fun? The original wasn't fun. Shit was heavy. Sure, Bronson played it a bit cocky, but Willis seems over the top here.
Jesus Christ, AC/DC?!? Are you kidding me?
I wish I was dead.
AC/DC was not necessary. It ruined the tone. I guess that's Eli Roth for you. 
Amazing how the credibility of this film plummeted when Back in Black started. Too bad. 
I give this trailer a rating of: **No Wildey Magnum / 10**


Oh boy, an unnecessary remake from a mediocre director, AND I get to watch Bruce Willis sleepwalk through it? Sign me up!
This is hot garbage. 
I think William H Macy would work a lot better in a role like this. Willis doesn't seem to be able to do an Everyman character. 
Death Wish 3 is high art 
All I can really say is....no dice.  
What a piss poor trailer. It's all over the place. For one I never seen the original Death Wish, but I'm getting vibes of other movies and shows. The song doesn't make it any better and this whole time I was thinking, this is sort of like the Punisher. Family gets shot up and now he must become a brutal vigilante with no mercy. Might be fun, but they need to work on that tone for other trailer.
The trailer's tone is all over the place. And the night club scene? That's become such a cliche by now. Doesn't look too good, to be honest.
Charles Bronson or GTFO. 
better be rated r, or fuck this movie.
They killed Elisabeth Shue!? Get 'em all, Bruce! Get 'em all!
Bruce Willis can play a guy who just doesn't give a Fuck anymore well. He doesn't even have to get into character. 
Maybe it'll be good.
Glad to see Bruce back in action!
@0:33 LOOOL WTF was that supposed be? Oh well, at least she dies & gets out of the way quickly.
Omg... Awesome ...
Is that the girl from the first Karate Kid 
I'm pretty sure he killed more people in that trailer than Bronson did in the original movie.
I need Bruce Willis, and bigger, TV Bruce Willis. 

(I actually love Dean Norris, he's awesome.)
Seriously, when Norris asked the woman what the guy looked like, I half expected her to respond, "You."
"Can we also find a way to get a role for Michael Chiklis"
Oddly enough I just watched a clip an hour ago of Kimmel's mean tweets segment from 2013 where Hank (forgot his real name) reads a tweet that says he's just a fat Bruce Willis.
dude, deep inside they're the same, the heads reflect that and the light of the sun 
> arrogant, lazy, aging action star

Even without the context I would know they're talking about Bruce Willis.
> lazy, aging action star that will run that poor kid into the ground

Was Bruce Willis attached to the project at this point? LOL 
>"You had a potential Oscar-winning film with maybe the best script in Hollywood"

...This is according to Joe Carnahan himself, who wrote the movie. He has never written (or directed) anything even remotely close to being nominated for an Oscar. Not exactly the most unbiased script evaluation.
What's the story on the script?

How is a "Death Wish" remake Oscar Bait?
The real problem is, you can't really do a "Death Wish" movie today without it coming off as pure unjustified revenge porn from someone who desperately wanted to kill people to begin with. 

In the 70s at least you had the excuse of urban decay and actual rising crime rates. Vigilantism was shown as a morally grey reaction to that feeling, where you might disagree but could understand the sentiment. Today overall violence in society is at some of the lowest levels it's ever been in history, and it's on a downward or stable level for a while. 

The point of the original 70s movies was a reaction to the sense of decay, of society unravelling and genuine danger that existed in major urban centres; now that New York is like Disneyland, it's like some asshole going on a killing spree in Disneyland looking for people to kill. It's gratuitous, unnecessary and self-indulgent. 
Charles Bronson is rolling in his grave 
Do you have a link to the whole email? I can only seem to find that excerpt and I've love to know what else he said.
Yeah it misses the point of death wish. It's not even fun looking like death wish 2-4. I'm super saddened by this. Who could fill the shoes of Bronson? This is just so sad and awful. An important part of the story is that he never is truly pursuing his wife's attackers, just lashing out. Death wish is a really good movie.
> You had a potential Oscar-winning film with maybe the best script in Hollywood

yeaaaah I doubt that 
>you now have an untested, second-time director

Is Carnahan talking about someone else here? I'm no fan of Eli Roth, but I wouldn't say he's "untested" either. 
> but hey if it's fun schlock like Death Wish 3 I'm down

I'm not sure if it's possible to ever capture that magic again.

Green inferno was literally the biggest waste of time I have ever spent on entertainment. And I've sat through episodes of the bachelor and mob wives. 
Back in Black was an awful choice. What is he back from? That is a song you use for a sequel. 
I fill I watched 2 traillers, one from a dark story about a father taking the law in his hands and another one from a comedy action movie about a retired something (cop, military, idk) doing the work the police should be doing while pulling one linners
I thought the same way. I thought it was going to be a serious movie about the pros and inevitable cons of vigilantism and then ACDC starts playing. I wasn't sure if it really fits with aggressive murder.
Thank you for saying this. I'm so sick of movie studios putting whatever era popular songs in their trailers. Trailers now have almost all the same formula depending on the genre. Action movies are give a little bit of the story then show the action with an old rock song and some light comical lines. 
It looks like a superhero origins film.  

- A-lister hero     
- Boring normal job   
- Beautiful family gets murdered when hero wasn't there to stop them   
- Becomes a vigilante   
- Has a costume (white guy in a hoodie)   
- Has a superpower (he shoots people)   
- AC/DC   
- Shots of people saying, "He saved me!"   
- Hero going after common criminals   
- Dumb, out of place humor   
- Generic visual style   

Bruce Willis confirmed for Infinity Wars! 
(*serious VO*) He on a deadly mission of brutal revenge...(*goofy VO*) and hes WACKY!
I feel like any movie with "Back in Black" in its trailer is doomed to be a piece of shit.
>It's dark, and then it's a light action comedy? 

Basically Eli Roth in a nutshell.


[deleted]
Death Sentence isn't technically a remake of Death Wish...
The main character looks happier after the loss of his wife and the near-loss of his daughter.  I guess murder was very therapeutic for him.
Dont watch this film. Watch Harry Brown instead if you havnt. Similiar theme, less bullshit. Great film  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVOSfHFNlcI
Tonight, we review an aging Charles Bronson in... Death Wish 9.

> I wish I was dead.
Hey ma, how 'bout a cookie?
Wha..where's Otis?
*Andy Griffith Whistle Theme*
I'm glad this comment is here. 
Kevin Smith spoke at length about Willis' behavior on set.  Not listening to his direction, throwing pages of the script away and just general douchbaggery.  I can see his bullshit all over this.  
2magoo4u
The movie is not afraid to show some skin.
I think death wish was written a little before the punisher debut but yeah i agree, this is just the punisher.
The tone of the original one isnt all that different

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyZgZ9cN4kQ

I will say the use of ACDC in the trailer was a poor choice IMO.
I'll catch it on Netflix when it lands there 3 months after opening day. 

Its no Gran Torino.
yeah I'm disappointed in how clean it looks. If you're gonna make an exploitation movie make it look really grimy.
I fucking love Over the Hedge lmao
music by Ben Folds!
Over the Hedge is totally underrated.  Shatner as a possum that over acts playing dead is amazing. 
[I think this scene's pretty great] (https://youtu.be/z-eMdMsMgCU)
/r/guns wet dream
An action movie with GUNS? My God! 
Man, I loved Death Sentence.
The funny thing about Death Sentence is that it's also helmed by a director who predominantly worked on horror movies.
Hey, that looks really good!! Never heard of it!
One of my favorite barely-known movies.
Bronson will be back...


In black
Yeah, I love ACDC, but I agree that was a poor choice.
Easily in my least 3 liked directors list
He is to celluloid what the Cabin Fever disease is to flesh. 
The original movies had that problem as well to be fair.
Spoiler Alert: You find out after the credits it was the third installment of Unbreakable.
I love a nice dramatic revenge flick. Man On Fire with Denzel is one of my favorites.
But our market research told us that the kids like it when we use hip classic rock songs from the 70s-80s!
It is like they are trying to go from Death Wish 1 to Death Wish 3 all in the space of one movie.
The original showed restraint. Bronson had a novelty six shooter that he got as a gift from a friend. Now Bruce Willis has a full arsenal of assault weapons that he bought in Chicago of all places...
https://youtu.be/vAME2NCkFK4
Yep. Elisabeth Shue. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000223/?ref_=tt_cl_t3
Does Dean Norris ever play anything besides cops?
"This is a LIVE FIRE EXERCISE."
shit, I thought that was michael chiklis! 
[When I pictured it in my head, I saw this](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ba/69/9c/ba699c947fa10394b5c70bd2aa26db9d--pet-evolution.jpg)
[deleted]
I think his pain pill addiction has really hurt his reputation and his work ethic. His last bunch of movies including Die Hard 5 were just awful.   And he just zombie's his way thru them.
And that's probably why Red actually works with him as the lead, as that describes the main character well enough. 
[deleted]
[Kevin Smith](https://youtu.be/ui4Z1h7PG5s) feels you. 
My first thought was, why is he still doing action? His drama is great and there is no reason for this to be believable without him sporting a walker.
Could have been Mel Gibson
Carnahan wanted to cast Liam Neeson and Frank Grillo, Willis was cast after he left so yeah it's him. Casting him shows they went at it from the wrong angle right from the start. To do the story justice you don't cast an action hero, you cast somebody who looks like a ordinary family man.

>Actors considered for the role of Paul Kersey included Liam Neeson, Russell Crowe, Matt Damon, Bruce Willis, Benicio Del Toro, Will Smith, and Brad Pitt. Bruce Willis was chosen to star in the end.
> "You had a potential Oscar-winning film with maybe the best script in Hollywood"

So by that statement every script ever made is.
The Grey is incredible and should have been a Oscar contender.
I wonder if his script has made its way online? I'd love to read it.
I'm guessing a dramatic film about a guy doing a spiral down a violent path as he deals with grief. Maybe more Breaking Badish style character where it starts off as hero fantasy but then reality kicks in and innocents get caught up in the consequences. Maybe he becomes part of the cycle of violence he's trying to stop. etc etc.

This looks like more of a fun revenge turn. Where the vengeance has one liners and is entertaining. 
the story is absolutely material for a Oscar caliber movie in the right hands. Sidney Lumet was originally set to direct the original Death Wish.
I think they mention the setting is Chicago in the trailer, but regardless vigilantism isn't going to fix the problems of Chicago. The little I know about the history of segregated cities, is more important to pay attention, too, to effect reasonable change. 

I also acknowledge this probably is suppose to be a silly action film, and that yeah we shouldn't take it seriously, but rather enjoy its absurd ridiculous nature, like the excellent (IMO) Shoot em' up. The problem is that in this trailer they mention "the problems of chicago" so yeah, the insinuation that a badass with a gun saving the day and problems, that are probably complicated as hell, does seem like bad taste to me. 

Whoa.

You perfectly summed up my feelings on making this film in 2017. I don't really have much else to add. This is perfect.
I think it's one of the few remakes where changing the main character to black would have improved the whole thing.
He's risen from his grave and currently making his way to Tucson to acquire a .32 
I don't think he has (had) the right to judge after Death Wish VI: the deathening. 
I think this is all of it, or at least the only thing that leaked
Right. You're not supposed to like Kersey. If anything, he should be frightening, as if you're watching a horror flick from the killer's point of view. A good story, or at least a good Death Wish should have included some regret, some recognition that by taking revenge, Kersey has become the killer of his wife. 
Isn't the book Death Wish was based on that story though? Then in Death Wish 2, Kearsey is indeed hunting down the guys who killed his daughter. It's not that far of a jump.
Roth wasn't attached back then. I believe he's talking about Gerardo Naranjo who was briefly attached after him
Worked well in the Iron Man trailer BEFORE Tony was kidnapped.
It's a remake of a 70s movie. The character is back. As for the tone Eli Roth is known for mixing violence and cheeky humor. 
It's Eli Roth. Why were you thinking serious?  
Bruce Willis is...THE PUNISHER!
It's basically Unbreakable, but in this we probably find out he's Breakable.  
I'm still stunned how much I liked Eli Roth in Inglorious Basterds considering how much I dislike pretty much everything he's ever directed. I'm a not fan of torture porn, which he excels in, and he's tonally all over the place. 
Didn't iron man have BIB in the trailer? 
Iron Man turned out okay!
[deleted]
"your cocked locked and loaded"
*thinks about dead wife*
"yeah I am"
I feel like I'm the only one who liked death sentence. I liked Kevin Bacon in it.
Let's be real it basically is
It stinks! 
[removed]
I shot him.
to be fair I also wouldn't fully side with Kevin. Bruce Willis is gonna be a hardass if you're not a professional, I believe Bruce was hard on Kevin because he noticed how technically incompetent Kevin was (Bruce had to teach him about lenses) and he didn't like how Kevin was high all the time on set.

yes, Bruce Willis is a tough to deal with dick who phones it in most of the time these days, *but* Kevin Smith is also a drama queen who loves to play the victim and a very incompetent director. Remember, Kevin is the one trashing Bruce publicly. All Bruce has said is:

"Poor Kevin. He's just a whiner, you know? We had some personal issues about how we approached work."

"I don't have an answer for him. I'm never going to call him out and lay him out in public. Sometimes you just don't get along.""
To be fair, people like Rian Johnson and Wes Anderson had good things to say about working with him. It's clear he's one of those guys where if you know your shit then he's there with you. Willis knew more about what the director should do on COP OUT than Smith did, which is probably why he diva'd through that whole shoot. He probably thought he got tricked. 
wasn't this also when Smith was smoking pot on set constantly?
the point was that this story line is OLD.


But sadly not even Punisher 1970's old but Batman 1940's OLD. Fails to protect family, gets hollow revenge and turns to life of freedom fighter for the common man. It's not even much of a twist on the 1920's Superman origin story if you step back a bit on the plot.
> The tone of the original one isnt all that different

Except Charles Bronson doesn't look like an action hero. He looks like an everyday man.
Real talk, has there ever been a good use of AC/DC in a trailer? 

Even iron man stopped using them awhile ago. 
Fascinating. Movies are interesting how they come together. On the one hand you have a fairly serious book. Then you have a really good actor in the form of Charles Bronson, who brings a wry humor to the part. And then you have a fairly Hack director, and on top of that a grind house style trailer.

At the end of the day part of the hook of this kind of concept is the audiences secret desire to take matters into their own hands in light of feeling so powerless to change the broader forces around them
I was kind of hoping for at least something along the lines of Death Sentence.  When they started cracking jokes in the trailer, I dropped that expectation.
It even copies the "firing your finger like a gun" thing that Eastwood does in that movie. 

Edit to add pic: http://imgur.com/0Glyxeg
It was so weird when back in black started playing. Like the tone they were going for in the trailer even suddenly did a full 180 
EXACTLY

And if there's one dude in Hollywood who should fucking know that, it's Eli Roth!!!
I liked it enough to buy it on DVD after seeing it in theater BEFORE I had kids so there's that. It's become one of the films I most enjoy "listening" to in the van. My youngest can't do headphones yet so I still pipe the audio through the speakers. Other examples of this personal phenomena include Lego Batman, the Curious George Halloween Special and Planes: Fire and Rescue (primarily due to an extended sequence set to AC/DC's Thunderstruck).
Not at all. 
I'm pretty picky with my movies, and I remember really being knocked out by this one.  The story is familiar, but done really well for what it is.  The smaller budget meant that they were able to go much darker than what you would expect if it were a big budget release like this unnecessary remake.
In fact, yes! He played one of the mutants in Total Recall, the original one. 

http://imgur.com/eiLCgPB
[deleted]
He was a straight coach in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Yes.  [Benjamin Franklin.](http://www.indiewire.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/dean-norris-sons-of-liberty.jpg?w=699)
Rico!  You are relieved of squad command!
Meeeeeediiiiiiic!
There's also the fact that he publicly stated that he doesn't care anymore, is bored of the whole thing, and just does it for the money.
[deleted]
Don't know about the pain pills, but I think it's more akin to Adam Sandler in that he doesn't really care anymore and just takes projects he wants that has the paycheck. 

During the school year, I passed Bruce* several times when picking my kids up just as his kids were coming home. It was interesting seeing him say "I love you" to a real person as they ran to him. He's on his second family and may just want to be more of a dad this time around.

That's my take. 
I dunno, I liked him in Moonrise Kingdom 
Looper, motherfuckers.
>  he just zombie's his way thru them.

Does this mean he's been actually dead for quite awhile now? (/s)
I feel like he only has that one, slightly frowning, facial expression nowadays... apart from that weird face he pulls every time he shoots a gun
He was great in Split.
> including Die Hard 5

Of all the movies that honestly should be at least watchable, Die Hard 5 is the least watchable of the bunch. I mean Die hard 4 is not a very good movie, but it is at least watchable.
Pain pill addiction? When did that happen? Never knew about that. 
Part of why Die Hard worked so well, to me. He seems so in over his head against a team of suave international criminals.
Rewatched an episode of Moonlighting for the first time since it originally broadcast, like a month or so ago, and I was shocked by how closely early Kevin Smith movies clone the dialogue stylings.
He has many problems but I don't think you could describe Gibson as lazy.
> Casting him shows they went at it from the wrong angle right from the start. To do the story justice you don't cast an action hero, you cast somebody who looks like a ordinary family man.

Bingo. If it was pre *Die-Hard* Willis, this casting decision would be amazing. I wonder if Carnahan was attached to this project before Liam Neeson was in those *Taken* movies, because a pre-*Taken* *Death Wish* remake would have been amazing, especially if Frank Grillo was in it too. 

That said, who could you cast as a Paul Kersey today? I'd love to see Tom Hanks take a shot at this role, but I don't know if he'd be up for something like this. 
Charles Bronson wasn't an action star?
The "problem" with Death Wish is that people (esp the original movie) didn't get the twist. You already know the lead is going to snap. All of those actors can and will snap. The point is that it should be a nebbish, liberal, laid back guy who finally snaps and goes full Frank Castle. It's supposed to be someone like Tom Hanks going full Tom Hanks then snapping. Like originally having it be Alan Alda or Dick van Dyke.
Of that list, I think Russel Crowe or Del Toro would've been the best choices for a serious drama version of Death Wish. They're good acting broken and allowing themselves to look like an average guy. I wouldn't trust Smith, Pitt or Damon to not insist on being super jacked and out of place.
> To do the story justice you don't cast an action hero, you cast somebody who looks like a ordinary family man.

Ironic considering what made Bruce Willis an action hero.

To be clear, Bruce Willis does not look like an action hero, he just plays one on TV.
>    you cast somebody who looks like a ordinary family man

ah, so this guy http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000409/?ref_=nv_sr_1
basically they thought "let's make *Die Hard* with a *Death Wish*"
I might have been interested with Frank Grillo.
The problem with Bruce Willis is that it immediately turns into a a bit of a comedy. Even with Benicio Del Toro it's kind of the same thing.  I think the problem Carnahan had is that he didn't want to dilute the seriousness of the violence with humor.  I'm just speculating.  

Imagine J K Simmons in that role.  Simmons has comedy chops, but when he does serious, he is terrifying.  
He wanted to cast Liam Neeson as a father bent on bloody revenge?  Brave choice there.
> Will Smith

I guess it could have been worse...
It seems like the same reason Kevin Bacon kind of worked in Death Sentence(even if it wasn't an academy award winning film). 

He's not Rambo or John McClane. He fit the mold of a more regular person.
For that matter, seeing Vincent D'Onofrio in the trailer makes me wonder what it would've been like had he been the lead. Just for curiosity's sake, y'know. I love the dude, and he's a hell of an actor, he's also never really been a leading actor, but I think it'd be interesting. Dude knows how to emote, I think he'd be a good family man looking for revenge on the men who killed his wife.
So in the original Bronson was an architect, becausebits one of the only two jobs that exist in movie world. I know Stallones script had the protag as an ex cop, the other job in movie world.
Frank Grillo would have been awesome but don't worry, he's going to get his day. He's got an amazing movie coming out on netflix soonish
The Adventures of Pluto Nash got snubbed.
I liked Narc more, but also liked The Grey. I would have loved to see Carnahan's version of Death Wish.
I thought it was only an ok film and I don't think it is at all Oscar calibre, but the 2011 class was a really weak year for the Oscars so...

¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Why not?  "Deliverance," "127 Hours," "Gravity," "Jaws" and "The Towering Inferno" all were
I agree, I think the Grey is an amazing film. 
A History of Violence got nominated for a few things.
Sidney Lumet and Jack Lemmon! It would've been fantastic. But then you get Michael Winner and Charles Bronson. I like the movie, but its really antithetical to the whole point of the book. 
Wasn't the original just a pulp action movie but made in the seventies so it seems like it's a slow thriller by today's standards?
Well perhaps I'm in the minority, but I think the movie was way the fuck ahead of it's time when it was made and is really one one of the finest movies of the decade. 

People at the time called it gratuitous - or they couldn't understand Bronson. Was he bored? Tortured? Happy? Insane?

The great thing is that you can leave it up to your interpretation because he was directed that way and played it that way. If you say he was a happy vigilante, I can see that. If you say he was tortured and insane, I can see that. 

That movie was way, way way better than it got credit for. Same with The Mechanic. 
That's fine and all, but what would have made the remake so special based on the script Carnahan was talking about?
A Death Wish movie in the same style and tone as Collateral could be amazing. 

In the first few seconds of this trailer, that's what I'd hoped this would be. But then there was a joke, and another joke, and then Back in Black started playing, and my hopes withered and died.
Yeah, I noticed the change from New York to Chicago, though even then [the murder rate in Chicago today is still below where it was in the mid-90s](https://i.imgur.com/lZVDUdl.png), let alone the worst parts of the 70s and 80s crack epidemics and crime waves. 

Considering the segregated nature of crime in that city (ie, mainly restricted to areas of gang violence in specific communities) that makes the story even worse. That means it would involve a relatively safe resident of low-crime white suburbs going into already-violent neighhborhoods and murdering a bunch of minorities, after just once experiencing the kind of crime those neighborhoods deal with on a regular basis. 

At least Shoot Em Up was self-consciously intended as a satire and criticism of gun violence and glorification of weapons (with scenes like [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUmSR6SgpRo) and [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o3XGmV6TtI) featuring prominently). 

This doesn't seem to be satire or critical of the violence it portrays. Rater, Bruce Willis and Eli Roth seem to revel in it and feel it's justified. I'd like to be wrong, but neither one has a strong track record. 
Woah! weird to see a mention of Shoot Em Up in the wild!

Eat your vegetables.
It would be a bald headed white guy gunning down black men though. Not exactly the message Hollywood likes to send lol
Heyyyyyyy, Hollywood... Blam! (Bronson accent emphasized). 
Would watch this movie.
Somebody linked this video last week. The guy has a brutal but entertaining way with words.

[HOLLYWOOD SCUMBAGS - JOE CARNAHAN HOLLYWOOD TRENCHES PART 6 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoLcnTok3rw)
The only hope I have (which I give a .00001% chance of happening) is that it has a tone switch like *Filth* 2/3rds of the way through.
Yeah buts it's a much more standard story. Death wish was super unsatisfying as a conventional movie which was one of the things that made it work. There already are a ton of good revenge movies. After blue ruin it's hard to do anything with revenge.
Ah, ok. Can't say I've ever heard of him. 
Maybe it was actually for RDJ
[deleted]
I didn't like it then either, but at least it worked with RDJ's resurgence as an actor. 
I guess when I think of Eli Roth I only ever have the Hostel films come to mind. I don't think I've seen any of his other works; that combined with the tone in the first part of the trailer had me confused. I'm not very knowledgeable on a lot of the directors that come up in this subreddit so I think mostly nod and smile when everyone else is discussing them.
Exactly.  If you go into a Roth movie and don't expect or detect the humor it's probably not going to be very entertaining. I remember when I saw *Cabin Fever* in the theater the first time and the first 45 minutes I was like "what the fuck am I watching."  But then I realized it's *supposed* to be funny and now it's one of my favorite movies. 
I'm still upset that they passed on Thomas Jane for the sequel.  Although I'm happy with Jon Bernthal, Jane's fan short was the brutality that we needed.   
no. please never. 
I think the best thing he's ever directed is the fake 'Thanksgiving' trailer from Grindhouse. That says a lot. I didn't hate the first Hostel, but it wasn't great by any stretch.
Oh man, I thought he was insufferable in Inglorious Basterds.  Maybe I need to re-watch it.  I heard somewhere that his part was originally meant for Adam Sandler, which based on his performance in Punch-Drunk Love, would have been awesome.
Same, his movies are horrible. His acting was ok because he best friend tarantino was directing him
It didn't, but it did play in the actual movie itself. Tony can be heard listening to AC/DC up through Iron Man 3.
[deleted]
You're not alone. It wasn't quite as grounded as say, Blue Ruin, in that it still turned into a shooting gallery at the end, but for an "average guy gets revenge" flick, it was pretty good. Plus, you got bonus John Goodman.
My buddies and I went to see Death Sentence when it came out, none of us knew anything about it, must have been a slow weekend for movies and we picked this last minute. Man, were we blown away. Totally didn't expect that type of ride from beginning to end. Great revenge flick and still remember looking over at my friends like holly shit this movie is hardcore. 
No way, that movie was fucking great. I hadn't liked Kevin bacon in years but I damn sure enjoyed him in that.
That movie is the spiritual successor to Death Wish. It had the right amount of tragedy and loss needed to properly fuel a normal person into a psycho bent on revenge. 
It's an alright movie that falls apart towards the end, but the chase scene in the parking garage is excellent. There's hints there of the really entertaining director James Wan would develop into.
I love that movie
The parking garage fight was probably my favorite fight scene in a movie until Colin Firth killed a church full of people in Kingsman.

well it's an "adaptation" of the book that's a sequel to the book that the original Death Wish is based on, except it has a  completely different plot than the book
What about The Brave One? That movie's great.
Yes, Mr. Sherman, everything stinks.
Yes, Mr. Sherman... eeeeeevrything stinks. 
This ain't ovah
And now I'm going down to Emmit's fix it shop to fix Emmit
I'm glad people have finally started to come out with the side of Willis actually having plenty of reasons for being annoyed by Kevin Smith too. It used to just be "but but Kevin Smith doesn't like him" and upvoted to high heavens with that, but now we're finally getting few sides and everyone who knows more about Smith, knows that Willis isn't exactly the only side to blame here and might actually have shitloads of reasons to be frustrated on the set of that film. 
Not saying you're wrong about Kevin Smith, but Bruce Willis has been a diva with other directors. An actor told his story about almost being part of a movie, but his scenes were never shot because Bruce kept refusing to show up on scene. 

Here is the trivia: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4694544/trivia?ref_=tt_ql_2 (Actor was Ralph Garman)

Podcast: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQkmn0reGYA (it's the first story, jump to 8 minutes mark)
> to be fair I also wouldn't fully side with Kevin. Bruce Willis is gonna be a hardass if you're not a professional, I believe Bruce was hard on Kevin because he noticed how technically incompetent Kevin was (Bruce had to teach him about lenses) and he didn't like how Kevin was high all the time on set.

Willis was the one who offered that the two of them should work together on a movie. So, either Kevin should have said "I'm not worthy, man, because I just make small movies for fun." or Willis should have adjusted his expectations.

I'm inclined to believe that Willis is unable to do that, since he behaved like he did, and Kevin didn't reject the offer out of professional respect, so I'd say they both made a mistake.
It's pretty hard comparing actually good and competent directors to smith though. 

He expected to just do cop out as a quick buck with a director that had some credibility when it came to making comedies and then got pissed when he found out he was working for someone who wasn't as professional as expected. 

If the story of Willis explaining camera lenses to smith are true, id totally understand why he was frustrated during that production. 
Let's say you work at McDonald's as a cashier.

You have a lazy, worthless shift leader.

You care about your job, though.

Drive is getting backed up, so you help with orders over there in-between putting food on trays for walkup customers.

Drive times look good, so your shift leader gets the credit and gets promoted to assistant manager, but you stay as basic crew because you're invaluable. Of course you are. You're doing the manager's job for him or her. 

This is why you don't make shitty people look good.

When people are phoning it in, you have to ask yourself if they are doing it because of reasons or not. 

If they want a "directed" Bruce Willis, they should pay him more for doing the director's job.
Yeah don't get me wrong everyone knows Willis has a reputation at this point but let's not act like Smith is exactly professional. Everything about the guy comes off as douchey and unfocused.
IIRC, Kevin became a pretty major stoner after Zack and Miri due to a combination of Seth Rogen getting him into it + he took it kinda hard when Zack and Miri did atrociously in the box office. 
Totally agree.  The classic average joe who becomes a badass after his family gets killed.  "I should have been there" type deal.  People eat this stuff up though because it's fantasy and they imagine themselves  doing the same thing as the protagonist 
not only is the story old as dirt, theyre taking bits and pieces from every other recent popular iteration of it...

the punisher/john wick style tactical weaponry with the breaking bad 'ive never shot a gun before' shtick, the luke cage hoodie, the heavy bald detective that cant find the vigilante and doesnt care like in the dark knight rises
What?

Bronson was a huge action move hero in his time. 

He may be an "every man" to you, but at the time he was a top name in action movies.
Whoever thought "Back in Black" was a good fit here is a moron.

Might as well have used "Don't Stop Me Now" by Queen.
Back in Black and Thunderstruck were used to great effect in those Iron Man trailers
ACDC really fits to iron man IMO.
When "Back in Black" started playing I knew it was over.  Its about as cliche as it gets.  Its like a bad SNL skit of a shitty movie.
[deleted]
he had a lot of nerve, showing his face.
He was also in Lawnmower Man. 
He was some CEO in lawnmower man if we consider that a movie 
Put your hand on that walllllll!
>just does it for the money. 

He doesn't have enough money already to just "retire" for a few years and come back?
Do you have a source?
Damn it. I miss the Bruce Willis from Moonlighting.
No. That Bruce Willis had hair.
Would've been better with that guy Tom Hanks from the Burbs
Adam Sandler or Bruce Willis? Your dangling modifier makes it difficult to know which person you're referring to in your second paragraph. 
Anthony Hopkins is pulling the same move.  He has very publicly said that he will say yes to any role as long as he is paid 2 million a week.  On the other hand, he is Sir Anthony fucking Hopkins and aces it even when he is phoning it in.  I like me some Bruce, but he is no Hopkins.  Die Hard was the movie that got me into film.  I now teach film editing.  Back then, he was hungry, and it shows.  Now, he just finished his third plate at the Borgata buffet and is staring at the ice cream machine saying, "I mean, I paid for the whole thing..."
There's an interesting moment on the commentary for this film on Criterion's release where Bill Murray is asked about Bruce Willis and his response is brilliant in how judiciously he talks around the actual meaning of his comments with respect and politeness, as it's apparent from Murray's perspective that Willis didn't really get what Anderson was doing and wasn't well-loved by his fellow cast who did 
[deleted]
I didn't remember an arrogant lazy aging action star in the movie so I looked it up and he played Captain Sharp??? I never would've guessed.
Wonderful movie
Yup
We all see dead people. 
This is why the new Die Hard movies aren't as fun to me. He's not supposed to be this invincible badass who just wrecks shit. He is supposed to just barely survive by the skin of his knuckles. That's what made the first movie so fun. 
Plus, at the time, Bruce Willis was pretty much known as a comedic actor, not an action star, so I think that added to the audience's perception of his character being in over his head.
I think that's way the concept behind us die hard character works so well cause he is always like WTF!! Can I not just have a normal day off lol. 
Well, by his own admission Kevin Smith basically breathed Moonlighting when it aired.
My favorite line by David is from Season 2 Episode 8: "You sucked 14 dicks on the way to the Airport?!".
Tom Hanks would be great, some dramatic actor who's not known for action roles, somebody who can pull off that regular dad role perfectly. If Bryan Cranston hadn't done Breaking Bad he'd be perfect. Hell he'd still be perfect.
I'm seeing people on twitter saying guys like Gary Oldman or even Kevin Spacey would have been very cool to see transition from the nervous everyman to vigilante.
> That said, who could you cast as a Paul Kersey today?

John C. McGinley would be perfect for this role.
Tom Hanks played a hitman in Road to Perdition so I'm pretty sure he'd at least would have taken a shot at it if it had been offered to him. And you're right, T.Hanks would've been the perfect everyman for this role.
> I'd love to see Tom Hanks take a shot at this role, but I don't know if he'd be up for something like this.

You mean like Road to Perdition? Even Saving Private Ryan?

He's up for it.

>  If it was pre Die-Hard Willis, this casting decision would be amazing. 

I would like to point out that this is post Looper Willis.

When given a great script and solid direction, Bruce Willis can show up to act.
Jason Bateman might've been able to pull it off
Apparently "The Great Escape", "Once Upon A Time In The West" and "The Magnificent Seven" were forgotten when thinking of Charles Bronson. 
"looks like an everyman" got to me too.

In his 50s, Bronson was shredded.
As if the average /r/movies commenter has even seen a Bronson flick before.
My point was they kinda didnt do it justice the 1st time. Before Bronson Jack Lemmon was attached.

Bronson is great but he's fucking Bronson there is nothing ordinary about that glorious man
Damn- now I really want to see Death Wish starring Alan Alda.
Someone like Dustin Hoffman in his prime. It was part of what made his role in Straw Dogs so chilling.

I'd have loved to see someone who traditionally plays comedic roles in something like this. Jason Bateman's turn in Ozarks is sort of what I'd be looking for. 
Damon is already in [Suburbicon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBezc1S1BAQ)... Kinda the same "regular dad gone bad" sort of thing.
Bruce Willis now looks like an action hero.  Bruce Willis circa Die Hard looked like an Everyman.
What an action star looks like is defined by what people play action stars. So, you know, Bruce Willis. 
"So that's it huh? We're some kind of *Death Wish*."
I get it but feel that if he could resist his baser instincts to "Smith up" the movie it could be a real turn in the seeming downslide of his current career.

As a middle-aged everyman who has to face his worst fears? Following his journey through the dead ends of the justice system and watching his frustrations bubble forth into violent retribution? Will Smith has turned in some more-than-decent acting performances in the past but his recent dramatic turns have been more schmaltz than anything. If he could have tapped into that younger Smith while bringing an older man's gravitas? It *could* have been great.

But, yeah, like u/Portr8 says it would more than likely unfortunately degenerate into the usual Smith action role.
Man, I dont care what anyone says, Pluto Nash was entertaining.  I dont know if I'd call it good, but I definitely enjoyed it
Your mistake was in thinking Oscar caliber means anything special. 
[deleted]
Yes, The Grey was a beautiful movie that was better than its box office and marketing suggested, and was actually a really interesting mainstream take on coping with mortality.   The symbolism was overwrought but still, to see each character sort of exemplify a way to deal with mortality and to make the wolves just manifestations of the grim reaper, but to never really make it sci-fi/fantasy in that Final Destination way...it was interesting.  But I'm with you.  "Oscars" and "incredible" are stronger words than I think the film merits.  "Good".  Its good.  And also pretty brutal.
That was an excellent movie
Leonard Maltin has one of my favorite one liners in a review ever in reference to one of the sequels:

"Another loser from Winner."

Edit: Maltin*
[deleted]
Winner was a sleazy bastard. Marina Sirtis hated him and for good reason.
Not really, it's the sequels that got more action-y and crazy. He was weak and scared in the original, and easily beaten in a physical fight. It was much more atmospheric than anything that followed.
No, it was more than that.  It was in many ways a social commentary on the failure of traditional law enforcement and bureaucracy to protect the average citizen in the shadow of urban blight.  Most redditors today are too young to remember how dangerous and crime infested many cities used to be.  During the seventies and eighties if you lived in a major metropolitan area it was considered unsafe to go out at night.  

The horrible, campy sequels kind of washed away the message of the original.  But it can be taken as a mediation on vigilantism, and what violence does to us.   
>  Wasn't the original just a pulp action movie

Yes 

>  but made in the seventies so it seems like it's a slow thriller by today's standards?

No it isn't a thriller in any way. The original was the same shit as John Wick, Taken, The Equalizer pick any number of the "old guy using a gun to get revenge porn" movies that are making heaps of cash now.
I cant open the murder link from my current computer, but I wonder if the murder rate on the south side has actually gone down.  In the early 90s the Northside (uptown, Wrigley, lakeview) wasn't super nice.  Today those are the main places 20-30 year olds live.  So I am not surprised the overall murder rate has dropped but I wonder if the south side rate actually has.

Ooh, meta. Didn't think of that.
"Look everyone! I'm relevant again!"
The movie "The Green Inferno" (which was by Eli Roth) was pretty much the same thing. Tone all over the place. One scene is very gory or very dark then the next scene is literally a diarrhea joke with cartoon fart sound effects added in. 

It's the strangest thing.
I don't think they passed on him, I think he dropped out because he didn't like the direction they were taking it.
I'd just like to say thank you for bringing that fan short to my attention.  
John Bernthal is perfect casting for The Punisher. While I appreciate Thomas Jane's punisher, my favorite version of the character has always been Ennis' max series Punisher and the netflix Punisher seems to be heavily inspired by those comics. I wasnt sold on Bernthal's punisher when they announced it, he is by far the best part of the daredevil TV series. Hell, marvel has nailed the casting for almost all the characters in the netflix shows, except for Elektra and Iron fist. 
btw: I don't get why quite a lot of people are/were clamoring for full length versions of the "movies" depicted in these.

imo one of the reasons they worked is because the directors could goof around and throw all their stupid and outrageous ideas in.

but an actual film is usually something very different because it needs to be more cohesive etc.
It [did](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hYlB38asDY) unfortunately. 
Kinda the same situation. I seen this DVD at the house when i didn't have cable and was like fuck it, I'm in the mood for some bacon and hadn't heard anything about this movie. I really didn't like the ending not because it sucked but because i felt bad for him :( his son(?) was still alive i think and it didn't really let us know what happened to Kevin. He was just there sitting on the couch and then *fin*. I was like "FUUUUUUCK WHAT HAPPENED???"
Let's just call it a spiritual successor 
[deleted]
Kevin Smith tells that story like he didn't know what he was doing and Bruce Willis called him out on it. Constantly. He tells it like it was a terror to work with him, but it was all his fault. I'm not sure people are listening to the story right if they walk away from it thinking Kevin Smith wants us to hate, or even that he hates, Bruce.
"they're both assholes" is usually the safe bet
I'm sure plenty of people have dismissed Smith's comments. Hell, as soon as I heard about them, I immediately just assumed that it was because Bruce Willis was a more serious actor than he was a director. I never really like Kevin Smith, but some people around here love them. Which is perfectly fine, but you have to realize these two work completely differently in the movie biz.
[deleted]
There's also what Stallone said about Willis on Expendables 3. He wanted $1 million for each day of work instead of $750,000 as offered. I think there was a total of 4 days work. 
James Garner said he would never work with Willis again after Sunset. It was similar to the stuff Kevin talked about. 
It's almost as if Hollywood is filled with giant egos and neurotic personalities that sometimes don't get along.
That story comes from Smith himself, who finds his own amateurism amusing. 

Like yeah COP OUT was just a shitty studio comedy, but you still expect the people making it to know what they're doing.
Is there anywhere I can read about this camera lens story?
If they did do that, I would have been more inclined to watch it
> Might as well have used "Don't Stop Me Now" by Queen.

I loved that for Hardcore Henry.
Don't stop me now would have been incredible. 
I would argue the triple breasted lady is more popular. 
I hear after a certain point people are just addicted to making that number in their bank account get as big as possible.
If someone is going to offer you $20+ million to dick around for a couple of months, would you? Even if you already had enough money to live for the rest of your life?
apparently we all have to pay for the sins of Planet Hollywood

>“Explosions are one of the most boring parts of my job. When you have seen a few fireballs, its not exciting anymore. I know part of my audience enjoys the explosions, but to be honest, I’m a bit bored of it now.

>“I am very clear with who I am. I work in all sorts of films, but the action movies are the ones that generate the most revenue. I like to earn lots of money from those, but I do all types: small productions, megaprojects, medium sized, even science fiction.”

http://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/bruce-willis-bored-action-movies-2158648
You mean my pronoun without a clear antecedent? I'm such a heathen. Heh. 

Thanks! It's fixed!
$2 million a week? How does one even budget for that?
You wouldn't happen to have a link for that would you? It'd be interesting to hear and I dont have the DVD. 
>Willis didn't really get what Anderson was doing

What was Anderson doing?
Also, Moonrise Kingdom didn't star Willis, wasn't an action movie, and was much more ensemble based. Willis is a good actor, but when it comes to something like this, I feel like he can just go through the motions.
You don't mess with Wes
Both him and Samuel L get pretty fucked up in With a Vengeance.  That scene where they fall to the boat, then he pulls a piece of the cable out of his shoulder with his teeth... still gets me to this day.
I'm just disappointed that we won't be seeing a sweaty and crazed Jeff Goldblum as a crack-addled rapist.
Yo! Bryan Cranston as Paul Kersey would be fucking *awesome!*
Oooh William H. Macy!  He even has the Charles Bronson mustache look going for him right now.
Hanks would actually be amazing. All those others mentioned have some tough guy roles under their belts, a lot of them shitloads. But seeing Tom Hanks in a role like this would've been goddamn amazing. 
I was thinking Jon Hamm. 
Just don't cast Daniel Day Lewis or he'll go in full vigilante killspree to prepare for the role
For some weird reason, I can really see Paul Dano as a possible actor for Paul Kersey. 
Oh man Gary Oldman would have been fantastic for this.
I like your summary, "transition from the nervous everyman to vigilante," because it started me thinking about other actors that might unexpectedly fill that role.  How about Brendan Fraser?  Nobody would see that one coming!

I can't remember:  didn't Charles Bronson spring for an unusual (for him) movie at some point in his career solely because he wanted the chance to show everyone that he was capable of more than just playing "tough guy" characters?
Dr. Cox as a vigilante? I'm in!
John C. Reilly
You have a fundamental misunderstanding of what this project is if you think it's at all similar to Saving Private Ryan or Road to Perdition. 

Just because all three feature violence does not make them similar. 
Its not that Bruce Willis can't give a good performance. Its that he constantly seems to choose not to
*cough* The Dirty Dozen
The memory of those escaped into the west, magnificently.
Yeah, but in the Seventies people his age wore clothes that made them all look like dumpy grandpas.
I don't remember where I read it, but it came from a review or critique of DW where the lead should have been Alan Alda based on the novel and set up of the movie. Everyone knows Charles Bronson is going to lose his shit- it's just a matter of when.

It's about a middle aged, liberal dude who, upon experiencing a horrible crime first hand, faces his own political views and biases and how they failed him (or his perception of those failures). Then he has to balance all of that on his need for revenge and hatred against faceless criminals who actually never did anything against him and generally for petty bullshit.

There could be a really interesting by updating with a parallel on profiling and overzealous policing on the most minor of crimes.
Well that looks about a hundred times better than Death Wish
Probably a much better movie 
I agree, and I never watched the trailer before I saw it, which is what made it excellent for me.

I saw the trailer some time later and was thinking "no wonder a bunch of other people didn't think it was good, the whole tension of the beginning of the movie was ruined"
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3431  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/54212)
I liked in the Cannon Documentary when one of the leads who worked on the Death Wish Sequels said when Winner asked the effects guys where he should be when they blew up a car, they would say "In the trunk" 
By the third one he's carefully creating excuses to shoot 'creeps' and kills the head bad guy by blasting him through the side of a building at point blank range with a rocket launcher.
He had a bit of a psychological breakdown in the fist. Believed in the rule of law and the goodness of his fellow man. He became another ruthless killer with a weak moral compass. The rest were fun, schlocky, money making ventures. 


Ok, whoa.  Since when did Keanu Reeves in John Wick classify as 'old guy using a gun to get revenge porn'?  I get that he's in the latter part of that sentence, but in no way is Reeves the same age range as Neeson or Denzel.  He's a good decade younger.
I'm pretty sure he was studying for a role as a homeless man. I heard he was also trying to get his kids back. 
that and he was already committed on The Expanse, which is a MUCH better show than Daredevil (and i loved the Netflix marvel shows)
Jon steals the show in DD season 2 but Charlie Cox is the shit as Matt Murdock man, easily the most talented of the defenders actors. Honorable mention to Krysten Ritter though, she's amazing. 
[deleted]
Oh shit. Well playing in the trailer AND the movie is like a double whammy, so it's surprising it did so well... oh wait, it was well written and acted.
Smith is a fantastic writer who directed his first movie and then no one ever said 'stop'. 
He's pretty hard on Bruce in his book...
This I didn't mind. Bruce thought he was worth a certain number, Stallone disagreed and they parted ways. You get paid what you think you are worth and if you don't you don't do it. Bruce probably wanted to get paid because while he would work on the movie for 4 days they put his face all over the advertising and sell him like he was one of the leads just like the last two.
He talks about in one of his stand up talks "Too Fat For 40", about 1 hour 45 mins in if you can find it somewhere online. Basically Willis asked Smith was lens he was using for a close up, then Smith asks the DP, DP yells back what framing Smith wanted and Smith used his hands mime-style to tell him, DP shouts back the lens focal length being used. Smith says he never learned the more technical stuff for himself, just showing the DP what framing he wanted and letting them do the work. Willis then gave Smith a "are you fucking kidding me" look and had a go at him for not knowing stuff like that, what with him being the director and all.

It's part of a longer bit, but from how he tells it, basically Smith comes across as a lazy director out of his depth (he basically says as much himself), and Willis comes across as someone just wanting to get the job done who hates lazy directors holding shit up. Just seems more like a clash of working styles than anything else, leading to frustration on both sides.
"There’s a story Smith tells on one of those DVDs where he talks for four hours—I kid, he’s a funny motherfucker who can spin a yarn—but this particular tale sent me through the roof. He’s talking about day on Cop Out when he was explaining the setup of a shot to Willis, who quite reasonably asked his director which millimeter lens was on the camera, so he could modulate his performance accordingly. Smith had no idea what lens he was using, and Willis blew up on him in front of everybody on the set.

Of course it was all framed as yet another story about how Bruce Willis is a huge asshole (a topic Kevin Smith still brings up at the drop of a hat, and one that will probably come as an enormous surprise to anyone who has never, ever read a single thing about Bruce Willis going all the way back to Moonlighting in the 1980s), but in this case, I think the asshole was right. You are directing a $40 million picture for a major studio with a huge movie star—you’re captain of an enormous ship, in other words—and you don’t even know your lenses? This was Smith’s ninth feature film; at what point does the aw-shucks, I’m-just-like-you-guys, know-nothing persona just stink of laziness?"

http://moviemezzanine.com/kevin-smith-a-conversation/2/
I wanna threesome with trip-tits and vagina face... and then one with quato and his host
The bigger "problem" is the the fact that if you stop earning money you're worth less every year because of your expenses (even with interest for your investments). I'm sure Willis could retire, live a rich life till he dies with 100 and still has enough millions in the bank to have the same life, should he make it to 200 or 300. But to see your bank account shrink every year is a reminder, that it is all downhill from now on.
He has made a LOT of straight to on-demand/dvd in the last 5 years alone. I don't think he still commands the $20 mill paychecks anymore. Same as Nic Cage
I wish you could buy commentary tracks for a couple of bucks on iTunes. I'd do it! Consume it like a podcast. It'd be great. 
Wes Anderson was making a delightful little film, just like every other delightful little film he makes. 

The odd ball, idiosyncratic characters that inhabit all his films put Bruce Willis on a path to failure...or at least, being out of place with the cast.. because Bruce Willis is ALWAYS Bruce Willis.. 

I like Bruce Willis, but a character actor he is not.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's a cheeky cameo, where he's playing a hipster having coffee outside at a bistro. Some gang members in an Escalade being pursued by Willis in a sports car stolen from the gang splashes Goldblum with a puddle. To which Goldblum fumes, "GODDAMN RICH CUNTS!" 
We've already seen him go from a mild-mannered everyman to a monster, though...
Well, he played a Gangster on Road to Perdition, great movie by the way.
He was awesome I'm Baby Driver as a cool-but-bad guy and could definitely pull off the tonal shift on this movie.
Jon Hamm has played a super spy in Keeping up with the Joneses. Wouldn't entirely work.
Too young imho, Charles Bronson was in his 50s when he made first 'Death Wish'.
Maybe in 10-15 more years. Dude is in his 30's but he looks like a teenager.
I'd watch Paul Dano doing anything.
He could read an IKEA shopping list in an elevator and it would be infinitely more entertaining than whatever Willis is phoning in these days
Gary Oldman is fantastic for everything.
For sure.  That would have been awesome.
/r/savebrendan is leaking
He starred in Yes Viginia, there is a Santa Claus. Remarkably low bodycount.


Well, it requires work and he'd rather not if he didn't have to. He's the Adam Sandler of action films. 
Damn it! Now I'm one of them!!! I've become what I hated!!!!
And, given the apparent backlash this is getting, having him be Black or non-white would have been a nice touch, too.

Even the Kevin Bacon casting was better for James Wan's version a few years back. 
Yeah, this looks much more interesting visually and tonally. You can definitely see the Coen Brothers contributions in the trailer.
the trailer is pretty great and George Clooney directed it!
carefully? he walks through a crime-ridden gang-infested area of town at night swinging around an expensive camera, then when someone tries to steal it he *shoots him in the back as he runs away*. it's hilarious
Keanu Reeves is in his early 50s, that isn't ancient but it isn't exactly young either.  

Edit: Doing some research I see that Bronson was 54 in the original Death Wish, and I would consider the character Kersey 'old'.


Came out of retirement, albeit an early one based on age, would qualify 

It'd only work with Nic Cage though and i hear hes hard to get.
Dogma was ok.
Watching Bruce and Arnold in Expendables 2 was kind of hilarious because 99% of the time neither of them appear to be in the same movie as the rest of the actors even if they're in the same scene.
Yeah you would think that by that point in his career he might know more.
What a creative orgy!!
[deleted]
If Willis was half smart he would have enough invested to live really well off the interest and never need to touch the principal.  

I've done the math, and above about $20 million in principal you have to work pretty hard to even spend all the interest, and I used low-return tax free municipal bonds as my investment model so I could ignore taxes, plus my model included a much more variable and higher level of inflation than IRL. 

Even if Willis was a heavy spender, if the principal is big enough you can budget to spend some of that, too, and still not exhaust your principal before you die. 

I'd also guess by this point his lifestyle is much tamer and he's got all the prime real estate he needs already. 
Only if you live beyond your expenses.  He has enough money to live better than 90% of people on interest alone.
According to Google, his net worth is $180 million. Using a safe withdrawal rate of 4%, he could withdraw $7.2 million per year and break even.

I think he'll be fine.
It does seem like he's been favoring shorter shoot times.

Apparently he did all of his scenes for Extraction in a day. First Kill took 13 days of shooting.

So while he's probably not getting $20 million for films with budgets half that. Grabbing a couple million for a week's work is not a bad gig.
[deleted]
The Fifth Element would like a word with you. Green?
His Moonlighting days were excellent, too.
No way, pulp fiction, fifth element, hes amazing in unbreakable, sixth sense.  Willis is the man, just recently hes doing shit just for the paycheck. Same as deniro. These guys are just done being type cast, but hey, theyre gettin paid lol.
nah, best willis is four rooms willis. die hard willis is basically everything else he's done, but done before that.
I dunno, Death Becomes Her is peak Willis to me.
That's what makes Bruce Willis cool though.  He's an older dude that don't give a shit.  He plays older dudes that don't give a shit in the movies.  It's perfect.
In Die Hard with a Vengeance he was basically a drunken mess of a cop who had given up. It worked well so maybe thats what he keeps going for.
You should probably just review his filmography. There's *a lot* of good shit in there.
What happened?
As bad as all the stories sound, I still think that performance is a big part of that movie's beauty, and like Burt Reynolds in Boogie Nights, I'll never understand how guys who were supposedly immature assholes on set turned in performances that were emotionally perfect and warm. Royal Tenenbaum is definitely a little immature though so I guess a little slips through. 
Life, uh, finds a way!
Well, not in the movies, at least
No dice.
*A man's gotta do what a man does.*
I, ah, kill rich cunts.
And a captain of a ranger squad in saving private ryan...
Yeah but who's even *heard* of that film, never mind seen it?
I don't know, he would probably only be my 3rd or 4th choice to play a gay black autistic woman.
They need a soft reboot of Rush Hour starring Bruce Willis and Adam Sandler.

But instead of actually pursuing criminals when they see them commit crimes, they just phone it in.
But almost entirely because of the writing. There's nothing particularly good from the directing standpoint.
The crazy thing is that its probably true. If its not a close up of Arnold or Bruce then I assume that its a stand in.
Especially since... He's the fucking director. Lol no wonder Willis lost it on Smith. 
Sometimes the problem is debt. Nicholas Cage is a prime example. 
Futurama told me so. 
Taxes on multiple multimillion dollar properties and a lifetime of never having to look at a price tag adds up too.
I love that movie. Everyone I know who hears that thinks I'm insane. How did this get made did an amazing podcast.
"Play Nintendo. Bone some chicks!" *Honk Honk* 


"Whats Nintendo?"
Yes yes yes.. Great movie. The candy bar code named bench men.. Lol and the sing along burglary 
Eureka motherfuckers!
Uh, Unbreakable? 
Super green
Dude.  12 Monkeys, Looper, Sin City, Death Becomes Her, The Siege.  Bruce Willis has been in a lot fucking amazing movies.
The difference with Deniro is that nearly everything after *Casino* has been a break from his image. He consciously decided to switch the career up and target more family-friendly stuff as he aged. You can see it start in the late 90's with *Analyze This* (which was a smart entry into comedy because it played with his gangster persona) and a year or two later with *Meet The Parents*.

There's still some drama mixed in, like *City By The Sea* in 2002, but less and less as the years go on.

The effect has been to greatly extend what was already a very long career. Deniro is enjoying a second act unlike almost anyone else has ever done in Hollywood.

Willis is still just doing action movies.
Those are notable exceptions. I mean, he is no Nic Cage ... 
[deleted]
http://www.indiewire.com/2011/10/nyff-wes-anderson-cast-of-royal-tenenbaums-talk-the-challenges-of-working-with-gene-hackman-115775/
[deleted]
Either way it's win-win.
In SPR he's this role though. He's a normal guy who steps up because he has to and he leads his men because it turns out that he's pretty good at it
But you know he'd nail it.
Didn't he played the part already in True Romance ? :p
Agreed. 
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3147  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/58727)
Nicholas Cage is the debt Emoji.
[deleted]
I second all three sentences.
"It had the perfect amount of foam."
I believe these are among the "few notable exceptions" Valiant_Lewdster was referring to
Twelve Monkeys yo!  Actually Willis was pretty solid in that film, but then again you had Gilliam's grandiosity guiding that production.
Do people not like 6th sense?
Red was pretty damn good.  I even thought the sequel was enjoyable.
Gilliam even mentioned in his commentary that 12 Monkeys was filmed around the same time one of the Die Hards was being made. I'm paraphrasing, but Gilliam basically said that Bruce Willis came to set one day in his standard John McClane mindset, and that Gilliam had to take him aside for a talk reminding him who his character was in 12 Monkeys and that he wasn't an action hero  
> http://www.indiewire.com/2011/10/nyff-wes-anderson-cast-of-royal-tenenbaums-talk-the-challenges-of-working-with-gene-hackman-115775/

Hahaha holy shit, Bill Murray:

> I’d hear all these stories [like], ‘Gene threatened to kill me today.’ Kill you? You’re in the union, he can’t *kill* you. 
>Anderson had tried to stay positive but recalled that Murray had actually come to set, even when the actor was not involved in filming, just to protect the director. “You were not scared of Gene,” Anderson said to Murray. “I noticed early on so I started asking you to come be there. I remember, there was a scene where Gene goes for a walk in the park and I looked up on the top of this rock and you were standing with a cowboy hat watching the set. And you were just there to show solidarity and I was very touched by that.”

That's really nice of him.
That story makes Bill Murray seem like the nicest man in the galaxy. 
So basically he was method acting. 
And then he'd accept the role.
Yeah, though in London Has Fallen I thought the editing made it look terrible. If its so obvious that I notice it immediately, and errors aren't something I look for when I'm watching a film, than it means its especially egregious.
