This looks like a straight to Crackle movie. 
awwww shit. Gerard Butler straight to DVD movie stage. Corny shit all day.
I liked this movie better when it was called Heat.
As cheesy as this looks I like it for some reason. These kind of movies are my guilty pleasure. Some light tension (heist), badass characters, cheesy action and actors I like to watch.

Speaking of guilty pleasure movies, what's yours?
Based on Phifties inability to pick a solid script in addition to Butlers attraction to terrible ones; this iS AAA HAAARRRD PAASSS! 
Do you know how I know this will be terrible? Gerard Butler.  
This guys like always in stupid action movies. Can't blame him though he's probably making stupid amounts of money 
OShea really surprised me with his performance in Ingrid Goes West, so I will check this out just for him but my expectations are as low as possible. 
I really hope the director watches the [Heat shootout](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZL9fnVtz_lc) over and over again.  Don't mess with the sound of gunfire.
Wow.

From robbing a disgusting, local donut shop to a federal reserve!

These criminals are ambitious.
Reminds me of Triple 9 
GB looks a little...puffy 
Doesn't look bad at all.  
Looks like a poor man's Heat
I'll watch it. I'm a sucker for GTA inspired heist movie.
Training Day meets Heat with a twist of Trip9.  I am gonna definitely check this one out.   Also get a bit of The Shield vibe.  
If whomever cut this trailer had chosen a different set of background music, and avoid trap house rap, this trailer would have been a bit better.

Also, it is a shame that it cost Gerard Butler his career to get a believable American accent. 
"We got every cop in the country looking for us, so let's rob the Federal Reserve!"
As I've seen many men comment on Youtube and other websites about how "This has no unnecessary females, so it's already 5/5 stars to me. Gonna watch it and definitely not gonna regret. Finally something I can enjoy!", I suppose this movie will at least make *some* people happy.
This was a great movie!
This trailer made me hate one of my favourite songs
I feel weirdly bad about it but Gerard Butler in a movie is an instant turnoff. If he's in it then it just screams "shit" I used to love him too,  I don't know what happened. 
Looks good. 
This looks like a poor mans version of 'Heat'...actually it looks like a really bad rip off. 
Eh
I would totally watch this movie if it had a different title, different cast, different soundtrack, and different director. Otherwise I'm all in.
never thought i'd read something that sounds worse than "straight to dvd"
I mean....Olympus Has Fallen or whatever had no right to succeed like it did.  That era has been here for a while.  
He’s going full Steven Seagal 
It makes me sad seeing Butler pick all these shitty roles. He has the worst bloody agent in the Hollywood. 
This is the thug edition. 
You mean Triple 9?
Thanks for asking, I guess I'd have to say:

- Lost in Space

- Batman & Robin

- The Mummy

- Spawn

- Waterworld

- Suicide Squad

You may find others placing, Mean Girls and Starship Troopers on this list, but I feel no guilt in loving those. 
Yeah, somehow he picked 300 and ever since the awesome performance of Leonidas everyone has been hoping for another good movie by him.

He did get screwed by Foxx in Law Abiding Citizen; otherwise, yeah, he picks losers.
I think it looks entertaining. A testosterone fueled Heat homage. 
Olympus has Fallen was good. It was the Die Hard we deserved. 
Yep. Look at how Liam Neeson revamped his Oscar nominated  career. 
"tell me Gotham needs me"
Yep, but hopefully it turns out better than that. Great performances but lackluster plot. 
Yes, that perfectly blends it. 
I don't think M.A.A.D City counts as "trap house rap" or whatever that is. 
Really enjoyed dot as well. The Swole Heat

try [Triple 9](https://youtu.be/D6vSEQ7xv6U). Looks almost the same
"A YouTube Red Series"
At least Butler is still in shape
[Every motherfucker birthday](https://youtu.be/J7kGyjBrjUs)
He's not the greatest actor, but he's got much more potential than his roles would suggest. 
Takers.
Waterworld looks interesting enough. And I guess I finally have to watch Suicide Squad too.
How'd he get screwed by (Jamie) Foxx in Law Abiding Citizen?

edit: missed writing a w.
Looks cool to me as well, I have low expectations but that won’t stop me from watching it given it gets decent reviews. 
Yeah, I don't understand the hate this movie is getting. Looks like an alright B level action movie. 
Yeah I'm in, B movie action/heist films are a guilty pleasure and this looks surprisingly better directed than the standard fare.
looks like a great way to spend a saturday afternoon. count me in.
Kinda similar to the Point Break reboot from 2015
i think you and me are the only 2 people who think olympus has fallen was a good action movie. I love it, i know its cheesy but for some reason i really like it. So yeah ill always give him a chance. 
Olympus Has Fallen was not good
If this is better than Triple 9 I will eat my Triple 9 poster. 
Produced by Harvey Weinstein. He has to end up somewhere right?
Segal is just cultivating mass!
An underrated heist film. I just didn't like the ending and how some characters just three their lives away when they could have made it. It may have been a while. 
Don't, just.... Don't. It's nobody's guilty pleasure. It's something humanity as a whole should erase from history books as ever being a thing. 
The ending was kinda ruined because Foxx didn't want his character to lose. So they changed the ending and it became really anticlimactic and it contradicted the themes of the rest of the film.
I'll be going regardless. I'm a sucker for heist movies. 
Exactly. 
Hopefully better with less of the pretentious captain Planet theme. 
Both of them have great trailers, Triple 9 with the upper hand. But my hype for Triple 9 let me down drastically when I exited the screening. 
I thought it that Battlefield Earth was the one we were supposed to erase?
> So they changed the ending and it became really anticlimactic and **it contradicted the themes of the rest of the film.**

I don't know about that. It might have been unsatisfying for people who were rooting for Shelton (I kind of was too) but it didn't really contradict the theme that had been running through the movie, which is that it's bad for the prosecution to cut deals with the defense to allow them to serve less time or no time at all. Shelton actually did (somewhat) get what he wanted in the end. Except he probably shouldn't have died but I'm pretty sure there's a scene when he knows he's about to die that he looks *relieved*.
Damn, there goes that star power.  Oh well, from what I saw it's not like that film had a *ton* of potential to be a cult classic. 
What's the worst heist movie you've seen?
If you think this was a great trailer I don't think we are going to have similar opinions on Triple 9 or films as a whole. This looks god awful.  
Wouldn't it then be more thematic if instead of blowing him up with his own fire bomb, to just get him convicted and sentenced to death?

Ya know, doing justice instead of playing loose with the rules and carting a fire bomb though a populated city, into a occupied prison?
The Last Heist
That's why I said:

> Shelton actually did (somewhat) get what he wanted in the end. Except he probably shouldn't have died
Dude, no way I just saw that recently for the first time too. It had an interesting premise, but everything else was just laughably bad.
I meant that i don't mind Shelton dying, death was a fitting end to such a broken man. I just mind how.
Laughably bad is the definition. 
How about Hudson Hawk?
SHUT YOUR MOUTH HUDSON HAWK IS A MISUNDERSTOOD CLASSIC AND IM ONLY HALF JOKING BECAUSE I ACTUALLY LOVE THE FILM!
