Disney: "Paddington Bear was amazing... are we blind? Deploy the Pooh bear!"
Hearing Jim Cummings' voice as Pooh again was music to my ears.
I'm curious to see how the rest of the Pooh characters will look. Especially Kanga and Roo who are my favorites. Maybe Disney might show more screenshots of the other characters in the coming months. If I remember correctly, I think Owl and Rabbit are the only characters that aren't stuffed like the others.
Pooh: Hello there
Ewan McGregor as a grown up Christopher Robin who has lost his sense of imagination gets reunited with the magical Pooh.  This is certain to be an emotional heartwarming tale.
Hope this leads up to Paddington Vs Pooh.


Wow I was not ready to hear Jim Cummings' voice and now i'm in nostalgic tears
I don't see why people are complaining he actually looks like a stuffed animal. We could have gotten some Smurfs abomination he looks really cute. Also I am 2 times excited now
[deleted]
This trailer greatly surprised me because I confused it with Goodbye Christopher Robin. Imagine my surprise when pooh appeared. 

This is much more like Hook and is based on the fictional Christopher Robin and is a "sequel" to the pooh books. 
Christopher Robiwan Kenobi
Will be there day 1. Winnie Pooh has that magical childhood source that I never lost. To this day, I can connect with it and see it through innocent eyes. This made may day. Will be hard to dodge all other trailers to be go in without knowing anything else.
Hook 2: Winnie the Pooh
Oh, man, I teared up when I saw Pooh. It looks just like the one I had when I was a kid. I don't understand people who want it to look like Ted.
Oh how I've missed you.

Please don't leave me again.
Love Pooh's design. A wonderful mix between the animated, real toy and original illustrations. 
Disney *seriously* does "from the studio that brought you..." bits?

That is ridiculous.
Jim Cummings just brings a smile to my face
Damn it I haven't cried to a Disney movie since Lion King, but this may be it.
[deleted]
Was that Mark Gatiss I spotted in the beginning? Honestly love the look of Pooh though, looks like this movie is going to destroy me emotionally 
aaaaaaaaand I'm teary eyed...
"From the studio that brought you..."

Fucking hell Disney, everyone knows who you are.
Will be seeing this opening weekend. 
OH FUCK A POSSESSED BEAR!

This looks like it could be a cute film and it's nice to hear Jim Cummings voice Pooh again, I look forward to this.

EDIT- Also enjoying showing this to people who have no idea what it is and seeing their reaction when Pooh shows up. They get so happy.

It's nice hearing people's emotional reaction to the trailer, it's like rediscovering a forgotten friend which is perfect for this movie.
Annnnnnd instant tears as soon as I hear Pooh's voice.
What the fuck how am I already crying
Shit's mad cute yo
I'm getting teary eyed just thinking about all the fond memories I have of Pooh. This is going to wreck me. 
> This film is not yet rated

Yeah, I'm sure it'll be a hard R!
[deleted]
Gonna have to get used to Pooh actually looking like a stuffed animal. An impressive one, still.

Optimistic about this one. Good director/writing team.
Im so thankful that pooh is still obviously a teddy bear and not like a cg real bear that happens to stand up right. Like this could have gone so wrong 
"A few wrinkles maybe." Aww...I'm not crying! You're crying! Shut up.

Yes, Ewan McGregor, yesssss. Make me FEEL.
Nope. You win Disney. I am tapping out on this nostalgia trip. As a 40 year old male who works a soul crushing 50 hour a week job who grew up on Winnie the Pooh I couldn't even get thru the trailer without tearing up. No way I make it thru a 90 minute movie. I will be crying more than the 3 year old sitting in the seat next to me. She will think it's cute, I will see Tigger and go into some sort of represt childhood flashback and lose my S#&! for the remainder of the movie. I will save this one for a night at home with a 12 pack of beer and some antidepressants.

MY EYES!!! 
Very excited for this after watching Goodbye Christopher Robin.  I really enjoyed that film a lot.
Watching this just wrecked me. I lost my mom a few years ago to cancer. My whole childhood and life was revolved around Winnie the Pooh. My mom and I were best friends and she was always Pooh and I was always piglet. I know this scene was about Pooh and Christopher Robin but it brought back so many memories. I haven’t seen or read anything Pooh related since she passed. I think I’m going to have to wait to see this on DVD lol too much ugly crying for a theatre. 
I can already tell I'm going to end up crying watching this movie.
The wonderful thing about Tiggers is I'm the only one
"I've cracked..."

"You don't look cracked. A few wrinkles maybe"

Teeeeeeears
I have two very big reasons why I love me some Hayley Atwell. 😏
Careful, Pooh, Christopher Robin has the high ground.
Oh you mother FUCKERS I am going to cry at this I guarantee it
He's so cute! I'm glad they're went the route of making them look like real stuffed animals.
Why am I so emotional seeing this stuffed bear again? I loved the show when I was younger. That voice. My Lord. I'm nearly 30. These feels.
[deleted]
It's Hook, but with Winnie the Pooh.  I'm a mess of happy emotions right now.
Fuck it, I love it. I'll go see with bunch of other 30-somethings and we're gonna cry and laugh like little children.
“Huh, I wonder what this is? Wasn’t there a movie released about Christopher Robin not too long ago? Wait, is that Mark Gatiss? Oh, this must be that live-action Winnie the Pooh film CinemaSins were so adamantly against for some reason. To be honest, I’m just waiting for him to say ““Oh, bother”” at some point — hold on, was that Jim Cummings? Wait, are they doing what they did with *Book of Pooh* and having them as actual teddies—“

>*”Oh, I don’t see any cracks. A few wrinkles, maybe.”*

Dagnabbit, now I’m getting teary eyed.
I couldn't watch this with audio at the moment, but it looks good. Very dreary teaser, and poor Pooh looks all washed it (which probably matches the tone of whatever is going on with the dialogue).

Pooh not having eyebrows is throwing me off a bit.
Hearing that voice broke me down so fast. I’m gonna have to watch it alone so my fiancé don’t see my bawling 
I'm glad Paddington has opened the door for other British comedy-dramas involving anthropomorphic bears. An underexploited genre.

In all seriousness, could be good.
Anyone else think that Kanga low-key really had it going on?
Right in the feels. 

That voice is chicken noodle soup for the soul and seeing Pooh so old and Christopher grown just breaks my heart...but they're together. :)
I just want to say that I've been having a horrible few days and this has quite literally made my week. This is exactly what I needed to see right now.
I can already tell this is going to make me cry.
I love how pooh looks.
Welp, I cried at like, five seconds of footage. This movie is going to make a mess of me.
from the studio that brought you : Your entire childhood 
I know people are kinda thrown off by the Pooh design, but probably this is due to lighting and colour palette of the scene.

I bet later in the movie the palette will be better and Pooh and the others will look majestic. Also, let's have in mind that the VFX are probably not finished / not in it's final iteration.
Why can't other studios approach beloved childhood classics with this some love and care? So much better than Smurfs or Peter Rabbit and the like
Peter Capaldi as Rabbit is going to be amazing. As soon as I read he was voicing Rabbit I was super excited. He will nail it.
The wonderfull thing about tiggers 
I didn't expect to actually tear up at this. I guess I didn't realize how long it's been since I've watched anything with Winnie The Pooh in it. 
I’m not crying at work.

I live in Florida.

It’s just allergies ;;
I’m not crying, you are
I wonder how long it'll take for /r/PrequelMemes to make a "Hello there" meme out of this.
OMFG I can't believe it! 

I'm crying happy tears right now

I have always loved Winnie the pooh since I was a toddler. And even now I still love him as much at almost 30. When I was growing up I felt like he was the best friend anyone could ever have. Just a bundle of kindness and goofiness.

I'm so so incredibly happy that this is happening. I can't wait for it to come out.

I haven't been to the cinema in quite a number of years, but you can bet I'll be going to see this. On my own so I can fully indulge in my childhood love for Pooh Bear.

<3 

I needed this today 
"Could you make it "now and now" instead? That seems a bit better to me. Sora, if I go looking for you, will I find you?"
That was so heartwarming, but I’m not sure why I’m so scared to see the movie?? I just feel like it’s gonna be sad. Hopefully not tho. 

Can’t wait to see my boy eeyore :’) I loved him so much as a kid. I even had a stuffed animal where his tail came off.. and well, I lost it a lot lol. But I didn’t love him any less for not having a tail! 
Why did I start crying the moment I heard Pooh's voice? Dear lord. 
Omg

Wife literally teared up at the end

Definitely seeing this!
That movie is going to produce some hardcore tears, man.
"From the studio that brought you...." Really? It's fucking Disney. We know you brought us everything.
Pleasantly surprised by this teaser. This movie looks better than I expected. Pooh Bear is so cute - wonderful animation! I actually gasped when I first saw him. I'm not sold on the cast for the rest of the animals just yet, but hearing Jim Cummings still voicing Winnie the Pooh makes me more confident that the filmmakers' hearts are in the right place regarding their casting choices. His vocalization is just so special and iconic; replacing him now would have felt wrong. Cummings has been doing it longer now than the original Pooh Bear, the great Sterling Holloway.

I still believe Disney was trying to ride Paddington's coat tails when they started production on this movie, but hey, if *Christopher Robin* is even half as good as the Paddington movies or 2011's brilliant hand-drawn *Winnie the Pooh*, we're in for a real treat. 
I was listening to the Pooh's Grand Adventure soundtrack last week out of pure nostalgia... 

Hearing Jim Cumming's voice in this trailer gave me serious goosebumps... 
Can't wait for the movie!
This looks so wholesome. Hearing that old Pooh voice after all these years was really something
It's really incredible how just hearing Pooh's voice brings back that part of childhood
With another soundtrack this could be terrifying.
WHY AM I CRYING
We stand amongst PADDINGTON'S achievement, not yours!!!
This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them!
[launches Pooh bear from t-shirt cannon]
Warm fuzzy nostalgia when I heard that voice. Excited to see this.
Its like hearing the voice of an old friend
I got chills. Such an iconic voice. He's been doing it since the 80s for the most part right? 
Made me insanely happy to hear him. Glad they went with him and not just some random famous celebrity like is typical in these live action/CGI hybrids
Wow he even made Pooh sound a bit aged as well. Awesome. 
I legitimately just teared up a little bit. For just a fraction of a second, I was suddenly five years old again. What a wonderful feeling. 
I started tearing up when I heard him
I love his Pooh voice so much.

I don't get why he doesn't also do Tigger, but I guess it's ok because I really like Chris O'Dowd
It feels like home.
Just play WoW, I'm leveling another character right now and Cummings voices at least one third of the voiced NPCs in the game.  
I cried when I heard it. I basically grew up on Pooh*

Edit

A word

He also does Tigger and a million other Disney voices.
I absolutely lit up when I heard him. I didn't actually think this was going to have character voices, I really thought this was going to be about Christopher Robin and I don't know. 

I didn't expect the voice and I am so happy. Pooh was a huge part of my childhood in the 90s so this sort of thing just means so much to me.
Jim is the only celebrity I've ever met who I am consistently starstruck by.  He's a family friend and I've met him three or four times throughout my life, but I go completely blank whenever I've talked to him.  

I saw him in Westlake at the farmer's market a couple of months ago and could only manage to smile and wave.  He's one of the nicest, friendliest people I've ever met and is very down to Earth.
I'm curious how Tigger is going to look considering his tail goes from floppy to spring-shaped constantly.
I imagine character posters are around the corner 
Robin: General Pooh
https://twitter.com/antovolk/status/971073835897323526
I don't like honey.  It's thick, and sticky, and syrupy.  And it get's everywhere.
Christopher Robin, now that's a name I've not heard in a long time.
“Christopher Robin, the Heffalumps are evil!” 

“From my point of view the Woozles are evil!” 

“Oh bother. Well then you are lost!” 
General Kenobi. 
This is getting out of hand... now there are Pooh of them!
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
Pooh got the "Hook" treatment
The real Christopher Robin married his cousin and wanted nothing to do with Winnie the Pooh.
The look on Christopher Robin's face when Pooh touches his wrinkles just cements how great an actor Ewan is. 
Reminds me of Hook
Or Christopher Robin turned out to have schizophrenia and one day he decides to stop taking his meds. When his childhood hallucinations show up again Christopher Robin snaps and goes on a killing spree. 

Christopher Robin : 100 Hundred Arces of Blood

Rated R
Big Fish is the only movie that’s ever made me shed a tear, and Star Wars Ep 2 but for an entirely different reason. McGregor is the only thing they have in common...
I’m going to cry during this movie aren’t I? 
Reminds me of Hook, where Peter Pan (Robin Williams) is all grown up, and forgets all about Neverland. Still one of my favorite movies of all time. 
please don't make me choose between British bears.
Paddington v Pooh: Dawn of Jelly (?)
Dawn of Hundred Acre Woods

*SAVE KANGA!*

*WHY DID YOU SAY THAT NAME!?*
The TBCU (teddy bear cinematic universe)

It starts with Paddington followed by pooh, with rupert the bear having a cameo at the end to talk about the “bearvengers initiative”, with Old Bear and friends being part of phase 2.
If *Christopher Robin* is even half as good as the Paddington movies, we're in for a real treat.
So when does Clifford the Big Red Dog join the nostalgia cinematic universe?
PVP

Paddington: You were never a god. You were never even a bear!

Eeyore: If Pooh is all-powerful He cannot be good, if Pooh is good He cannot be all-powerful.

Pooh: The honey was never real..
weird thing is that paddington is an immigrant but has a british accent, whilst pooh is meant to a native teddy bear but has an american accent.
Time to rewatch The Tigger Movie and Piglet's Big Movie for me. I really loved the climax where Roo has to wake up Tigger since he was unconscious in the middle of an avalanche. I never expected a Pooh movie to get that intense. I also really loved the scenes between Roo and his Kanga in The Tigger Movie and the bath scene in Piglet's Big Movie with Kanga cleaning Piglet. Seriously please check those two movies out. They will bright up your day and put you in a good mood.
I was assuming they'd have him voice again but idk why it still hit me like a train. God damn goosebumps! Can't wait!
I love how he sounds like an aged Pooh as well... it fits perfectly with the theme of the movie.
I’m so glad I’m not the only one with a sudden outbreak of tears 
I love how he actually looks closer to the actual Pooh toy.
Agreed, it is the Pooh bear we all got when we were kids.  And probably what it would look like after all the years of wear.  I like the look. 
I like the aesthetic but Pooh doesn’t move as expressively as I want. He still has that disembodied voice feel, but I’m sure that’ll be fixed in a few months.
Yeah I think this is the best design to make it integrate with the real world without looking cheap or strange.
As long as they can squeeze enough emotion onto his little face it'll be great. The way he said "Christopher Robin" sounded excited but he looked pretty plain-faced. I hope they don't limit his facial movements for the sake of realism.
The cool part is that he LOOKS like a teddy bear that’s decades old like he is in this. The fluffiness is gone.
Pooh touched Christopher Robin's face T_____T
I’m crying again just reading that line. Thanks a lot. 
H E L L O T H E R E
I was thinking the same thing. I'm okay with it. 
Bangara...oh bother
This is definitely a movie that’s gonna cut the onions 
"You've... changed quite a bit,Pooh."

"Hey, have ya ever heard a Boston girl have an orgasm? 'Oh Haahhhda, hahhhda.  I'm gonna go stuff my fuckin face with Pepperidge Faahhm.'"
Same here. I wasn't even expecting to, but something about that voice, nostalgia, and the idea of a good man struggling through his adulthood being comforted by a lost childhood friend really hit me right in the gut.
I was holding my breath for a CGI monstrosity to appear, but instead it was perfect.
I don't think they want it to look like Ted but they expected more of a design similar to the cartoon. I did too but I actually think going with something more reminiscent of the actual bear and the books is best for live action.
As soon as he showed up I wanted to reach through the screen and hug him!
Seriously. And the title card even said "Disney Beauty and the Beast" like GEE I DON'T FUCKING KNOW WHICH STUDIO MADE THAT DISNEY MOVIE
I was like, "Is this a joke?" But I wonder if they were trying to indicate that it was specifically the team of people that was responsible for Beauty and the Best?  
From the studio that brought you ...

... Beauty & the Beast

... Twice
From the studio that brought you the Disney Film genre...
From the studio that brought you...   
    
Literally fucking everything 
Pixar does it too.

The Coco trailer reads like:

*From the creators of Finding Nemo, Up, and Toy Story.*

I'm like "no shit, mate"

But I suppose if audiences aren't actually in the know about who makes what movies, it's very helpful.

I have family and co-workers who will see Avengers trailers and ask why Batman or Wonder Woman isn't in it.

Or they'll be like, "Secret Life of Pets is my favorite Pixar movie"

Some people just don't know, because it doesn't matter to them.
Man, Coco didn't get to you?
This isn't gonna be popular on this sub but man did the last Jedi get to me in the tears department 
...have you seen Up? That movie will wreck anybody 
Just like the simulations
Yeah that was him. Peter Capaldi is in this movie too
Disney isn't itself a studio. They own many studios.

Pixar is a different studio from Marvel, which is a different studio from the Burbank animation department, which is a different studio from the one that does their television shows, etc.

There is one studio, within disney, that has done all of these live action treatments of animated films.

They are letting us know it is **that particular** studio that is handling this.

I actually might have been more excited if a different Disney studio was handling it, as I've largely not been a fan of this particular studio's work. (Beauty and the Beast live action, Jungle Book live action, Maleficent, etc.)
I had no real idea what this was about.  I know who Christopher Robin is and thought it was gonna be about how much he hated the book. When I heard Pooh speak and saw him tears welled up instantly. Then when he told Christopher Robin "No, no cracks, although maybe a few more wrinkles." I lost it. Turning 35 in May and just for a fraction of a second it felt like it was directed at me since the last time I watched Pooh was years ago with The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
I thought I remembered the name but couldn't quite put my finger on it. So I watched it and as soon as he said "Oh dear oh dear oh dear" it clicked AND THEN POOH TALKED AND I WONT LIE I'M A 24 YEAR OLD GUY AND I CRIED. 

I named my first ever cat Tigger and honestly I don't know if I can see this with a crowd of people. I already know I will cry when he shows up. 
It came up on my fb feed and didn't have a title. 

I thought it was going to be Mary poppins as I recently heard a new one of those was coming. 

Pooh's voice made me yell out and I nearly cried. My sister actually cried. 

What a trailer
😔😔, only friend that never left us. And we left them behind.movie is gonna break my heart
How fucked up will thos be when someone splices this trailer with Ted. 
I'm glad it wasn't just me. Ewen McGregor's sad-earnest face gets me, too. 
yeah, this is gonna be a hard one to get through
Poo's mad cute yo
Rabbit will be dropping racial slurs left and right.
They are trying to edit it to get it under NC-17. 
Me too. I thought it'd be a *Saving Mr Banks* thing, y'know? The story of the writing of the original books. I got fucking confused when McGregor's kid was a girl instead of a boy, and then BOOM, WINNIE THE POOH RIGHT THE FUCK OUT OF NOWHERE.

I've spent the last ten minutes going "WHAT?!" and crying.
Who else is curious to see what the rest of the gang will look like?
God, I'm in the same boat..... is there anybody that grew up on Winnie the Pooh not crying at the mere sound of his voice in this movie
I got serious goosebumps and my sister cried at the trailer. So, yea its probably gonna happen. My mom probably hasn't seen it yet, but she will cry her eyes out just at the thought of it. 
the casting for this film in general, is astounding. Ewan, Mark Gatiss, Hayley Atwell, Peter Capaldi -- so. excited.
She needs to be in more stuff. She did get a pretty awesome gig as agent carter though. Brought her to the house of mouse and the mouse never forgets a good performance. 
An actual goddess
Well, that was a biopic about the real christopher robin, this is a fictional movie about a character who shares his name. So it doesn't really fit in anywhere because they're different universes. 
Different cinematic universe. It’s like how there were two Quicksilvers in Marvel movies. 

/s
I actually don't mind it, it looks like a combination of the [real Pooh stuffed animal](https://i.redditmedia.com/ouo31bkeV_PoITA8fcMYAr7XtrhUmtkSf34mmefZU48.jpg?w=576&s=c1d7c930e116c30b52f46d59d1482b36) and the Disney design.
The dialogue is wonderful once pooh shows up 
I think he fixes himself up because the poster had what looked like a normal pooh bear
I would expect the color to become more vibrant whenever they go to HAW, if they do to it, that is.
[pause](https://m.imgur.com/XHBa71T)
I'm glad I'm not alone..... and I can't explain why seeing this teaser brought me to tears.  I guess I just miss being a kid again
I hope they don’t change him too much because he looks fantastic! The shirt bothers me a little bit because Pooh only wears it while he’s outside in the snow, but because Disney animated him always wearing it, they kind of have to have him in a red shirt so people recognize him.
Paddington 
2011 *Winnie the Pooh* murdered me emotionally.  I don't think I'm ready for this one at all. So of course, I can't wait! 
Be careful not to *choke* on your teddy bear, ... Direktorr.
*Seth MacFarlane stares angrily from the corner*
/r/prequelmemes is leaking again.
"[oh botheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer](https://i.imgur.com/yINaP6h.jpg)"
Loved The New Adventures Of Winnie The Pooh and The Book Of Pooh as a kid. Watched both shows every morning (6:00am) before I left to Elementary School when it was on Playhouse Disney (Now Disney Junior). Really loved the Doc Mcstuffins crossover episode from last year.

The episode that stuck out besides Cassie was the episode "The Old Switcheroo" since that was the first episode that made me feel bad for a character crying especially when it's a mother like Kanga.
“Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind. 

"Pooh!" he whispered.

"Yes, Piglet?"

"Nothing," said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. "I just wanted to be sure of you.” 
I started to cry when I heard him speak. It was like all of my childhood just came and hugged me
"Kept you waiting, huh?"
Qui Gon!
Yep, he started voicing Pooh when The New Adventures Of Winnie The Pooh was made in the late 1980's and eventually took over as the voice of Tigger since Paul Winchell's death.
If you keep your ears open he's in almost everything Disney have ever made since the 80's.

He's also Tigger, Taz, Black Pete, chief Powhatan, Scar's singing voice, Monteray Jack, Darkwing Duck, Dr Robotnik, Hondo, and literally hundreds more.

He does voices in Baldurs Gate, Dragon Age Origins, Fallout 4, GTA5, Kingdom Hearts, Mass Effect 2, Minecraft, The Old Republic, Skyrim, Wow and tons more.

It's fair to say if you've watched any Disney cartoon show since the 80's you've heard his voice. 
Roo's voice actor from the 2011 film is also returning to voice him.
If I didn't hear pooh's voice come out of pooh, I don't know what I would have done.
I would LOVE to see Gilbert Gottfried as Pooh
They kept Cummings as Pooh but replaced him as Tigger, which is weird because I remember Tigger far more clearly than Pooh. 
I mean, Cummings *is* a bit aged. He's 65 now but in the 90s he was late 30s/early 40s.
I think we all did,  I'm in Subway and just out loud *awwed* and teared up a bit :')
Same. I can always pick out Jim's voice when watching movies with my daughter. 
I had a moment like Anton Ego in ratatouille - like the most wonderful epiphany and punch to the chest.

My stuffed animal when I was a baby was a pooh bear, so it's so much more than just a memory
My little sister and I just watched the trailer. 

When our parents were going through an ugly divorce in the 90s, we’d build pillow forts pointed at the tv and watch New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and try to drown out their fighting. 

We both teared up watching this lol. 
I haven't thought about Winnie the Pooh in ages, but he was a favorite of mine as a kid. Hearing the voice jus instantly triggered the tears lol. Man, I did not expect that
Probably to further star stud the cast and to make sure that the "Pooh Voice" sticks the landing. I can hear Tigger inside my head, but Pooh is iconic. I can already hear O'Dowd doing his "goofy and unobservant" schtick with Tigger and I'm 100% okay with that.
Hes one of those guys who is in EVERYTHING

Billy West and Frank Welker are the same. You dont even realize until you look into it. The guy who voices Eeyore is also Optimus Prime to. Its amazing how few people have done practically every character
You can't just tell people to play WoW. That's like telling someone to just try heroin.
You should specify that he did a ton of voices in Legion. He didn't do much in the other expansions.

That said, he did most of the voices for the Karazhan adventure in Hearthstone. It sounds like you're fighting him every other boss.
Ew
[This is what the original toys look like.](http://exhibitions.nypl.org/treasures/archive/files/1628604-_19ec40d783.jpg) 

It looks like they're blending these toys with the cartoon models that people are familiar with.
Same with Rabbit and Owl.
Pooh's corner?
You are a ~~b~~old one
This honey will make a fine addition to my collection.
we love you, /r/PrequelMemes 
Weesa gonna make you, bombad general!
Have you heard the tragedy of Eeyore the Sad?
General Robin, you're shorter than I expected
i'm dying holy crap
HOLY SHIT. This is the greatest.
Holy shit, literally the funniest thing I've seen in a while. Going through some tough stuff but that actually made me cry, thank you.
That was really fast haha
That's amazing. I didn't realize someone beat me to it https://youtu.be/ExcOCO4QHCk
It's things like this that make me love the internet
Oh bother, it's treason then.
A long, long time.
Exactly what I was thinking
You're doing it Christopher Robin! You're believing!
Tigger: "BANGARANG"
Hook gets too much hate. Isa good movie film. 
The dream
Les Cousins Dangereaux
Yeah, they just had that movie, Goodbye Christopher Robin, about how Christopher Robin's childhood was exploited by his parents and how he grew to hate Winnie the Pooh and the books. Not great timing for this film.
I remember learning that he had almost no relationship with his parents and was wanted nothing to do with the book. I am not sure if the movie is going to be true to that...
Winnie the Poe
To be fair he loved his father and grew close to him (but became very distant from his mother), and enjoyed his father's legacy. I think he disliked how the popularity of Pooh made it seem like his father was a one-hit-wonder, when in reality he was a popular playwright and author before this (all of this was muddled during the two World Wars he was part of). He also hated business (despite opening a book store), and did not like the idea of the commercialisation of Winnie the Pooh. While his mother decided to sell off all of his father's personal possessions post-death, Christopher decided to donate the toys that served as inspiration to the franchise to the New York City Library as he thought they would have some form of public value (and as a means of letting go) rather than risking these being sold off as well. 
tldr: he loved his father, and the work that he made, and liked Winnie the Pooh. He hated the commercialisation of it all, and how people kept coming up to him regarding the series. 
I am now fighting myself over whether I would never want to see something so horrible done to such beloved characters, or if I've never wanted to see anything more in my life.
_—Grindr_
Marmalade or honey 
“Oh bother”
Dawn of The Planet of the Bears
*Return of the Heffalumps and Woozels*
Phase 3 will be the Bearvengers helping out the Berenstein Bears fight off their evil twins, the Berenstain Bears. 
With Ted as the stoner bear
What about the Teddy Ruxpin spinoff?
Ted and Ted 2 could fit in there somewhere as well.
Where tf is Corduroy in all this?
Especially Paddington 2, which in my opinion is the best family film ever made. 
Guess I need to watch those ASAP.
I would like to see Clifford the Big Red Dog vs King Kong vs Godzilla in a triple threat match
Watch Winnie the Pooh (2011). It's only 60min long, but it's absolutely hilarious, narrated by John Cleese, superb quality animation, and has songs made by the same guy who did Book of Mormon.
The Search for Christopher Robin is my favourite by far
WITH A FEW GOOD FRIENDS AND A STICK OR TWO
You know I thought it would be more cartoony but making it more toy like just makes it authentic and adds to the charm of this movie 
...well yeah he's the real Pooh...... They got him to act in this movie
Also as the film goes on they might have Pooh and friends look cleaner and newer and more colorful. 
Not me, I had a stuffed Pooh modeled after the cartoons. I'm glad the Original Christopher Robin has an authentic toy. 
> And probably what it would look like after all the years of wear

You just made me realize what it was about Pooh's look that was off to me. He looks great for a 30-year-old teddy bear.
Well that also depends on what sort of movie we're getting. 

I know it won't happen but imagine if Disney truly marketed this as the cute charming film we see here but it truly is about a man cracking, as he says, and he goes bonkers. 

But yeah, it partly stems from the mouth moving but not opening. 
General Roboni!
Just watched this with my wife. I'm 30 and teared up a hit when I saw pooh. It isn't even sad. It's just such a part of my childhood. 
Kanga secretly shows up with Roo in her pouch and covers his ears.
This is the first Reddit comment to make me laugh in a really, really long time.
I knew nothing about this movie until watching the trailer. I expected it to be something like "Saving Mr Banks" based on the title. When Pooh showed up I got visible
Well they can't do jungle book anymore since Andy serkis is doing that other jungle book movie.
It's weird, but there's probably a contractual obligation that any display of that logo includes the "Disney" on top. 

Nobody at the company that builds the trailers (not Disney, but a contracted company) or the executives in between the trailer, the movie and the studio itself wants to be the person to say "hey, can we drop the Disney name from this logo?" and then get in a 300-message email chain with Disney lawyers for the sake of aesthetics.

Source: I've edited movie trailers and teasers at a company that makes promotional content for film companies in Burbank.
Doesn't look like it. Different directors and screen writers. 
Thrice if you wanna count the sequel.
I sat in coco thinking "alright, gonna make it through this whole movie without crying"  Then the little boy bust out that song to his great gram and I just lost my shit
Coco fucked me up 
I am a grown-ass man and Coco had me bawling for my great-grandma so bad.

Coco is one of the best movies of all time.
I just saw Coco for the first time the other day and I cried a good 8 times during the movie, one cry being 20 minutes long around the entire god damn ending

my daughter wont watch it again because she said it was too sad... she's 4
[Yoda and Luke](/spoiler) made me tear up like seeing an old friend
the way the music swelled as luke gazed upon the sunset, before fading into the force really got me. 
Didn't exactly cry, but when R2 and Luke reunited on the Falcon... warm fuzzies were had for sure.
“What’s this little fluffy fucking bear doing here? Pooh? His name is pooh? Winnie the Shit is what I’ll call him. Get this yellow cunt out of my sight”
He was in Paddington too! Really cornering the live-action-movies-of-beloved-bears market.
or the scream-bear from *Annihilation*
Oh man...Yes. This whole thing reminds me of Hook, and Robin Williams....and I'm tearing up again.
Ewan's mad cute yo
Well, he's being played by Malcolm Tucker.
Sounds like you need to watch[ Goodbye Christopher Robin](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1653665/) which came out last year - although I wondered at first why there was a new trailer! It's very good by the way.
I was confused as well because Goodbye Christopher Robin came out last year and it's about the books being written. 
I really want to see Rabbit. For one thing he's not a stuffed animal like Pooh and he's being played by the incredible Peter Capaldi
Jim Cummings
It's kind of a tragedy when your major life accomplishment is the stories your dad wrote about your toys and the only way you have to earn money is to repeatedly exploit that back and forth.
Dat piglet tho

Edit: thanks for the correction, poor Roo, and now I'm sad :,-(
Magnificent, aren’t they?
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
This whole comments section is fucking amazing 
/r/retiredjpg  
In fucking tears
GOTTA GET UP, GOTTA GET GOING
Ugly crying rn

https://media1.giphy.com/media/2r1nnlUarj1vy/giphy.gif
ok NOW I'm crying, thanks
Why would you do this to me? :'(
He tells a great story of when he [met Sterling Holloway](https://youtu.be/qvtO6iHq_Ko?t=3m18s) (the original voice, and practically indistinguishable from Cummings').

Also Tom Kenny and Jim Cummings are national treasures to say the least. 
Hearing Jim Cummings call me a dickwad in GTAV is quite possibly the greatest thing to ever happen to me.
God I would love to be a voice actor. No clue how I would get into it though.
Eeores voice actor voice acted as Eeore in a few Winnie the Pooh video games so I am pretty content with that. 
Start a riot?
“When I said I wanted honey, I did not mean that I also wanted to be stung by THOUSANDS OF AFRICANIZED BEES!!!”
I just want Danny Devito in one of these kinda roles. Make him detective pikachu
I ADORE Chris O'Dowd but I'm really not a fan of anybody but Cummings voicing Tigger.
math checks out
Well to me it sounded like with Christopher Robin grown up, that Pooh has aged too and sounded a little tired. Maybe I'm just reading into it. Love Jim's work though. Forever Dark Wing Duck! 
This post brought to you by Subway™
Still in the pillow fort?
Tigger is now a bar tender at a pub in Ireland.  Now the role is perfect for Chirs O'Dowd
It might be easier to direct conversations too.
"megatron is gonna summon unicron to comsume they entire galaxy!"

"*oh deeeear...*"
He was all over MoP as well.  
Oh bother
They are kinda terrifying
Looking at that picture suddenly makes me realize Rabbit and Owl were the only real animals.  32 years and TIL.
Why is Kanga squaring up? Fight me you little bish. 
Yeah, will they be real creatures I wonder?
[Bet they might play this during the film credits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iV4mol-Otw&feature=youtu.be)
You Pooh! I’ve been training in your bedside stories with Kanga; Roo too. 
The wonderful thing about Sheever, is Sheever's a wonderful thing. 
This is getting out of control, now there are Pooh of them
But what about the bee attack on the honey?
Oh bother... I will deal with this Pooh-Bear scum *myself*.
BOTHER TO DEATH THEM
That's not honey! You're eating Prequel Memes!
That’s even better because Ewan McGregor is playing Christopher Robin.
It's not a story Rabbit would tell you.
It's treacle* then.
Who in their right mind hates Hook? 
Critics may have hated Hook but that doesn't mean the audience did. I went to see it in theaters as a kid and loved it, so did my friends. Watched it off and on over the past 30 years and it's still wonderful, has that 90s charm.
Roll Tide
I like the way they think.
I like the way they think.
I like the way they think.
I like the way they think.
I like the way they think. 
I like the way they think.
I think Winnie the Pooh has done enough good for the world to make up for the sins of its creator. 
> Goodbye Christopher Robin

I believe the movie twisted the real events into a parable regarding fame and success harming personal lives. In reality Christopher quite enjoyed it and only began to detest it when he went to boarding school: 
"When he was a young boy he enjoyed the attention that fame brought. "It was exciting and made me feel grand and important," he told journalist and friend Gyles Brandreth later in life. As a child, Christopher Robin Milne made public appearances, wrote to fans, and even made a record. In the Goodbye Christopher Robin movie, he does a Q&A session but is depicted as being overwhelmed by his rabid stalker fans. Christopher's favorable attitude toward his alter ego did eventually change when he was sent to boarding school around age eight or nine, something that the movie only briefly focuses on. While there, he was bullied so much for being the boy in the books that he came to detest the bear. " Source- http://www.historyvshollywood.com/reelfaces/goodbye-christopher-robin/
That movie went under the radar. I just found out it’s already on VOD when the poster for this was released.
I don't think many people know about that one. I mean, I knew about Christopher Robins problems with his own fictionalization and I hadn't heard about the movie until now.
Didn't he make his peace with it though? 
More like Scruff. 
I applaud you for this
*hunny
get with the times people, it will be Pooh's DC Avengers vs. Christopher's Marvels in ...

to shorten the title, Beauty & the Beast 3 confirmed.


Care Bears—> Bearvengers?
I used to think *Paddington* was the greatest family film. Then I changed my mind...when I saw *Paddington 2*. Kudos to the filmmakers on the Paddington movie series. They should be proud of their creative achievements.
Yes. There's a reason all you hear about them is acclaim. 
Let's get Rampage and Pacific Rim in here somehow.
I saw this movie in the theater, at age 27. Loved that movie.

My wife is pregnant with our first child. I want to show him Winnie the Pooh when he's old enough to understand it. I can't wait to share it with him.
Watched that at the cinema when I was 23. Laughed all the way through. None of the kids at the cinema were laughing though, uncultured swines!
Don’t forget the The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (1977).
Tie them together Piglet! Can you tie a knot?
This movie got some legit belly laughs out of me. It’s really really great. 
Yeah it was jarring for me at first but after thinking about it and reading some of these comments, it's a good choice. That said if they're going for a realistic look then i'm hoping they can nail the CGI. Obviously it's far away from completion so nothing to worry about yet. 

[I wonder if they considered doing animatronics, something like Rocket from the GOTG ride.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTUdgJVkq_Q) But if it's all in his head or whatever then maybe having it not look entirely real would actually work better.
I agree. I was waiting to be disappointed by an obviously CGI Ted lookalike that would undercut the rest of the film's sense of heart, but I'm actually quite pleased. 
It also will help with their toy sales
[deleted]
Possibly a Doll Repair Hospital eventually, and yes they actually exist.
Sad that the Roo toy is missing.
the mouth is opening he just has a little mouth...
36 and sitting at my desk at work. The "what to do, indeed" over Christopher Robin's shoulder got me. To be there, unhappy and ground down by life at the moment, and hear that voice... damn onions.
That voice...That brought back some major memories. Something so familiar, like when you hear Fred Rogers put on or takes off his shoes.
It's because we can all hear Seth McFarlane.
But is it the same VFX people, that's more what I meant. 
I’m right there with you, friend. I mostly kept it together, and a lot of the turns in the story I was able to anticipate and brace myself emotionally for, but the collective weight of the significance of that song in addition to the scene you are referring to itself got me good. I made that awkward gasping noise from suppressing my man tears and startled my wife. No regrets, was a beautiful moment and pulled my heartstrings just the right way.
Ok im dome crying

"Puts up her picture"

God damnit
To be honest, the animation was so dazzling that it made me cry in itself. When he comes over the ridge and sees the city all lit up, damn. The emotional end of things was just icing on the snotty weepy cake. 
I can't listen to that song without having an existential crisis. Remember Me is the most beautiful and poetic song I have ever listened to. I cannot listen to that song anymore, especially during bad rounds of depression.
I saw it in the  theater with my wife and two sons. He older is 4 and was totally into it. The younger was a few months and in a baby carrier sleeping. That scene. Man. Im glad I was the the aisle with the kid in the carrier so no one could notice my tears.

And once the movie was over, we took the kids straight to visit their 96 year old bisabuela. No way we weren't. Grabbed fast food and brightened her day.
Coco made me want to fuck up Ernesto De La Cruz.
I cried. 

Not a single manly tear. Fucking blubbering like a little kid. 
Imagining Rabbit saying this is amazing
Probably going to look like a real rabbit.
That's not the only way he earned money though? I mean, he refused the royalties from the Pooh books. 
There's a book called Alice I Have Been that explores that problem from Alice Liddell's (the 'real' Alice in Wonderland) perspective. Only, her tragedy is a little different since her relationship with Lewis Carroll had so much scandal attached to it.

Christopher Robin doesn't appear in it, but Peter Davies (the 'real' Peter Pan...who also had a tragic life) does, since Alice and Peter actually did meet in real life.
That's actually Piglet, the real Roo plush went missing somewhere in the woods during one trip the actual Christopher Robin and AA Milne took.
Half of it is prequel memes. 

A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one!
I'm fucking crying man
GONNA SEE A FRIEND OF MINE
Same I'm legit worried for my sanity. I had no idea how important to me Winnie the fucking Pooh was until now...
I'm a sympathetic crier, Shawn
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
Funny you mentioned that, since Tom Kenny voiced Rabbit in the 2011 film.
Most accents are the same way (as far as calibration). When learning accents in acting/voice & diction class we were taught to find a phrase/get for each action. I can't remember the video, but it may be SNL or an interview something where they talk about it, with a Boston accent phrase being "I parked the car in Harvard Yard."
Practice lots of voices and dialects and then be comfortable working under shitty direction with shitty pay.
Same. Been my dream since childhood. I just settle for randomly cracking people up. 
Eeyore*
You mean Peter Cullen, aka Optimus Prime?
I heard Brad Garrett was playing Eeyore in this.
Burn down the 100 Acre Wood!
Truly the voice of a generation.
https://youtu.be/3H3xQzQauyY
I dropped my MAGNUM HONEY POT
I dropped my LEGENDARY ball for my MASTER 'mon.
Hahahah kinda actually ! She’s visiting me on spring break and we are snuggled up on my futon. 
True. I'd imagine that they're having everyone record scenes together, so that makes sense.
Not really super on topic but I love telling people Unicron was voiced by Orson Wells. It's one of those facts where it only interests people who knows who he is, and don't already know he voiced Unicron...but that doesn't stop me from telling random people at bars.
Oh yeah, thats right. He's Lorewalker Cho.
Also like 90 years old
That's an old pic, they refurbished them recently [and now they look a bit better](https://stuffedparty.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/winnie-the-pooh-teddy-bear.jpg)
Most stuffed animals end up looking terrifying after they've been loved to death by a small child.
Better than [this one.](https://m.imgur.com/LpwHB88)
Same.

It's gonna be interesting to see how far Disney has progressed since Jungle Book. Beauty and the Beast had some improved CGI, but I think that level of detail works best on faces that don't register as human. 
If you look at the animation you'll see stitches on all the other animals. Their appendages are also more like a stuffed animal's. Compare with the actual feathers owl has and Rabbit's paws
I know it's about a bear, but the song always makes me think of an old cat I used to have from elementary school through college.  Whenever I came home from college, when he was in his 20s, he would get up from his chosen sleeping place, and greet me, and never leave my side for the entirety of my visit.  When I graduated, he died shortly after.  That was the first time I heard  the "Return" version of House at Pooh Corner and I bawled my eyes out at the line "Boy, welcome home".
If they do I just won't stop crying.
That is the only song that has ever reduced me to a sobbing mess. I can't even listen to it in my head without getting wrecked. 
Aaaaand now I'm in tears....
We're drowning in Pooh. 
But the greatest thing about Sheever is that he's the only Senate!

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII AM THE SENATE!
The critics at the time were lukewarm to negative about it, but a lot of us who were kids when it came out view it much more positively. Rose-tinted lenses, maybe...I'm definitely still a fan.
https://i.imgur.com/SR0wZqJ.png
This is a tricky, grey area.
A lot of direct quotes sound like he had no real issue with Pooh and he had a fine relationship with his father.
GROWLr*
This guy Poohs.
Where does Yogi fit in
If I remember correctly, are Rabbit and Owl the only characters that aren't stuffed animals? Because I wonder how they might look? 
That robot is amazing
Doc McStuffins makes a sudden appearance!
Just the...weight of it when WHY it’s called Coco becomes clear, the pulling back to reveal this whole tapestry of really goddamn complex ideas about family and independence and destiny and loyalty and death and grieving and remembrance and just...emotional warfare, that was. 

/has just lost my grandpa, and that movie crystallized perfectly so much of what I was feeling. 
It's okay, the bell took care of that.
This made me really sad for some reason. :(
HE'S ROUND AND HE'S FUZZY
I'm not that deep, but still I felt a small pang in my cold dead heart when i heard Pooh's voice.
Omg forreal. When Christopher looked back and we saw that cute little pooh bear I felt tears come to my eyes. Wth. 
Omgooooood. I thought I could make it through work today without fucking watching this trailer but no, I had to open the fucking link.
There's no way I'll make it through this movie. Going any way, in theaters, fuck the rest. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQhCNOV5Gnk
Tsk, maaan.
Gus, don't be a gooey chocolate chip cookie.
I can't do this with you right now.
Did you watch the clip? They're there together lol 
“Oh, bother.  I lost my tail. Nobody remembered how to spell my name.”
I think they recently changed it though.  I remember him doing a conversation between Eeyore and Optimus where he said "turns out I'm not me anymore" in Eeyore's voice.
But that would piss off the bees.
Burn one down,
 
down to the ground

99 Acre Wood all around.
Oh man, what? Pooh is Lorewalker Cho?

Wow, that's insane talent, and definitely a passion for work.
I guess they made toys more frightening 90 years ago
Also the better lighting and background does wonders.
I'm glad that the Eeyore toy actually looks depressed. 

You can see these in the children's section of the main New York Public Library, if anyone's curious. It was a pleasent surprise when I took a tour of it.
i'd still kick that piglet like a soccer ball if it showed up on my hallway 
Tigger has seen some shit
>'Real isn't how you are made,' said the Skin Horse. 'It's a thing that happens to you. When a child loves you for a long, long time, not just to play with, but REALLY loves you, then you become Real.'

>'Does it hurt?' asked the Rabbit. 

>'Sometimes,' said the Skin Horse, for he was always truthful. 'When you are Real you don't mind being hurt.' 

>'Does it happen all at once, like being wound up,' he asked, 'or bit by bit?' 

>'It doesn't happen all at once,' said the Skin Horse. 'You become. It takes a long time. That's why it doesn't happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.'
beast's uncanny valley face damn near ruined the movie. 
Poohntang
It's got that early 90's charm to it
I dig it, but it has objectively atrocious pacing issues. 
Yeah, people seem to want to twist this in another Holywood terrible parents style story, but from all the first hand evidence (and not dramatisation like that movie) it seems like they might've pushed a bit, but calling it exploiting is probably going too far.
\^ This guy bears.
And don't forget Smokey the Bear! 
That's correct.  Rabbit and Owl are real animals Christopher meets in the woods. 
I really loved the Doc Mcstuffins crossover episode from last year where Doc and her stuffed animal friends try to save Pooh and had to travel to the 100 Acre Woods and search for him. Eventually Pooh cuts his stomach and Doc has to give him operation and Lambie has to comfort Piglet at the waiting room. It's one of the most satisfying crossovers I've seen in a while. 

I always felt bad for Piglet, so seeing Lambie (Doc's first stuffed animal and adorable lamb) comforting and hugging Piglet a few times in that episode was so satisfying and warmed my heart. She even says "Pink Pals stick together" with Piglet.
Yep. I was already wrestling with what it must be like for one of the characters to hear that song everyday and not be able to see her. Then I was wrestling with them never seeing her again at all. Really fantastic movie, the payoff was really well done. Tried to keep it general to avoid spoilers, don’t know how well I did and if it even reads like a cohesive statement. 

I’m sorry for your loss, I have a grandparent who is far along the dementia path and it brought things to the surface for me too. 
My mom just buried her aunt last year, the aunt that raised her because her parents died before she was a toddler. Yeah... tears were shed.
I watched this movie like 2 days after my bro passed...it hit me pretty hard. great flick
He gets to carry on his adventures while the rest are stuck in some museum probably.
I LOVE HIM BECAUSE HE'S JUST...
I literally teared up. Like I'm crying right now
Me too. I'd avoided watching today for no reason really. Just wasn't that interested. But I watched it and now I'm crying a lot. Pooh really did mean a lot to me as a kid. I'm going to see this opening weekend. 
And we haven't even seen the rest of the characters. 
I’m an adult faced with the same dilemmas in trailer. I started tearing up
You know that's right. 
Gus, don't be the very model of a modern major general.
C'mon son
I wonder if they recorded in the same room for Catdog too.
“Suppose I better transform and roll out...”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0Jtt2BVMLU
oh absolutely. with a quick search of old toys, you'll be greeted with creepy Mickey's dolls and terrifying clowns
or maybe we're just pussies now.
More like wear and tear will scruff them up a bit. 
Probably just their age. I think those would look pretty great in good condition without such faded colors.
They made them from what they had at the time. Deceased Germans. 
God damn you 😭
What's this from?
You know what I think helps it be magical?  It's a kids movie that doesn't treat kids like idiots. It treats kids with a sense of wonderment and toughness. 

I loved that the movie had grit to it and it was inspirational. That's a fine line with kids movies and I always seem to find it more fun.  
It'll have trouble matching the Panther cinematic universe with The Pink Panther and Black Panther
All these years I watched *Winnie the Pooh* and I didn't even realize that. Huh.
POOH BEAR WINNIE THE POOH BEAR...
Gus, don't be the rack of ribs that knocks over the Flinstones' car.
The Velveteen Rabbit.
Yup, [these are Christopher's stuffed toys he carried into the woods for his adventures.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/The_original_Winnie_the_Pooh_toys.jpg)

edit: Roo isn't pictured as he was lost a long time ago. 
Take a look again and you'll find the most all the other animals have stitches except for them.  
LOOKIN' FOR FUN
Once upon a time in a school library, I picked up a book with a nice looking concert and started reading. I didn't get up until I was finished, and when I did, I felt in a way I thought I never will again. It was also especially touching, because I was nearing the end of my last year at school.   
I never saw that book again, and I've been looking every since.   
So thank you.
Are you telling me they're based on actual stuffed animals? 
Do you mean piglett isn't pictured? That's roo on the left, isn't it? 
The Disney character models give it away.  [The stuffed toys don't have fingers.  Rabbit has fingers.](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pjd7caXGfAI/T7KJebZNk5I/AAAAAAAACao/mQUg3188yLA/s1600/Disney_winnie_the_pooh_bear_cartoon_characters_1.jpg)  Eeyore has stitches right on his nose and a sewn-on tail while Rabbit has real fur and whiskers.  The stuffed toys all have more rounded features too while Rabbit and Owl seem realistic in comparison. 

Also, Owl can actually fly. 
CHASIN' SOME HONEY (HUNNY) BEES! 
That's correct.  The stories are told from the imagination of a little boy playing in the woods with his stuffed animals along with a rabbit and owl he encounters. 

That's why Eeyore keeps losing his tail and occasionally they need their stitching repaired.  
And an actual boy.
[deleted]
That's Kanga.  Roo is the little one that rides in Kanga's pouch, but he was lost a long time ago.  Piglet is bottom right. 
