I feel like the Illumination team are a group of sociopaths. They have the resources to make great movies, but they have this eerie formula of things to put in cheap kids movies in order to be average and broad enough to make at least half a billion dollars at the box office.
I thought the whole point was that everyone is afraid of The Grinch except for Cindy Lou-Who? This makes it seem like everyone is pretty casual with him.
That’s a no from me dawg 
Pop Songs: Check

Out of place voice casting: Check

Stupid humor that only 3 year olds will laugh at: Check

"You're A Mean One Mr. Grinch" updated to have *attitude*: Check﻿

I was honestly going into this trailer with an open mind, but it unsurprisingly proved me foolish. 
Look on the bright side guys. This is the last Dr Seuss adaptation by Illumination entertainment. Since the current film rights to any Dr Seuss film adaptation is in the hands of Warner Brothers Animation. Who will be doing the animated film of The Cat In The Hat.
They had to put into the description what the plot of the film was. From what I read:

- Grinch steals a misfit reindeer to lead his sleigh instead of the dog

- Cindy-Lou and her friends (?) plan to “trap” Santa so that she can thank him for all the help he’s done for her overworked single mother (???)


This is absurd

Edit: A Word
Looks just as soulless and forgettable as everything else Illumination has ever made. Also, I like Benedict but he's a terrible choice for the Grinch- it's really out of place. 
Very glad I don’t have kids yet. This looks like a headache 
So when are we getting Grinch vs Gru: Dawn of Malice 
Anyone else notice the Grinch's dog is pretty much the same model as the dog from The Secret Life of Pets? Even better: both are named Max
''Let's get Benedict Cumberbatch for his voice and make him do an American accent and sound nothing like himself.'' - someone at Illumination, obviously
Is it just me, or is the lighting way to bright for what the grinch is supposed to be? Like its kind of glaring. 
They just HAD to get a Minion in there didn't they?
Why is this trailer coming out in March?
I feel like they just made Despicable Me again, but with less heart. Grumpy lonely guy with dog commits petty acts to annoy people. You could replace the Grinch with Gru and I don't think anything in that trailer would change. 

The animation looks nice, but I find something off putting about the Grinch's design. Something feels missing. 

It could be far worse, but I'm not optimistic it won't be more than just average at best like many of their recent films. Grinch deserves better than average. 
Despicable Me 3 and Minions both made over $1 billion. Illumination is going to keep pushing out this formula for as long as it keeps working.
That was the longest two minutes of my life. 
This is what you get when a studio abandons all pretense of giving a shit. This whole trailer is just "We are the laziest production house in Hollywood and we don't care how this looks" set to a barrage of pop songs.
This just looks bad.
My big problem is it just looks too bright
The animation looks nice but everything else? Not so much. 
no.... no..nononoonoonononnoonono. NO!
Why does his house/lair look like Tatooine? It's just looks so stylistically wrong.
As a Cumberbatch fan, I find it interesting that his voice isn't immediately recognizable. Sounds like he's doing this weasely, villain voice? I can't tell if he's doing an American accent either. 
Well that looks horrible
Holy shit, get it away from me.
This looks like complete dog shit. Though I wouldn't expect anything more from the team that brought us minions. Also isn't this extremely early for a Christmas movie? Christmas is fucking 9.5 months away.
Please no. I can't deal with part two of the Onceler Fandom. [Not again.](https://i.imgflip.com/1m3pzw.jpg?a422040) 
I hope they end the movie with a long music/dance number that goes on forever; seeing all the characters sing along to the current pop-song won't make your insides hurt. This will definitely keep the movie timeless and not horribly date it after two years! No one will forget about this movie. Juuuust look at The Lorax! Somebody sure loves that film.
This is exactly what I was expecting and I'm still upset
Nothing will beat that Jim Carrey movie
oh wow this looks awful. classic Illumination. 
(During Illumination Boardroom meeting)
CEO: “What really needs a reboot”
Illumination peasant: “I know, why don’t we do the grinch!”
CEO: “That’s brilliant. I can’t wait to fuck up another iconic character that people know and love!”
I should probably just give up hope that the Mario movie is going to be any good. Hopefully Miyamoto puts the kibosh on it when he realizes they'll never get a good script.
Wtf have they done
That was bad. 
Yeah, this looks just as awful as I thought it would be. All of my optimism ended when I saw how clean the Grinch's place was & when that awful pop song started playing. 
I think I see my problem with Remakes.  The fact is the original Grinch is a masterpiece.  The remakes are not.  But more importantly I feel like this movie doesn't have anything to say differently.  So unless you're telling a different story, you're just telling the same story. 

So why are you telling the same story if you don't have anything new to say?   The answer becomes "To make money"..  Which is a very cynical reason to make movies.

And seems like they made the grinch a total asshole.  A grinch is an unhappy person, he doesn't have to be a dick to everyone on purpose. 
You nauseate me, Mr. Illumination 
This feels like blasphemy to me 

We already have two perfect movies in both the original and Jim Carrey’s, why does this CGI nonsense need to exist?
Wow this is shit.
This looks so fucking bad.
This looks so fucking bad lmao
I truly don’t see a reason why they had to make this movie other than money, but as long as I go into this film with low expectations, I should be okay. I don’t like judging films too harshly before I go into them.
Wow this looks worse than I expected
He looks like a resting bitch face girl with those pink lips.

Not MUH Grinch.
I doubt I’m the only one that thinks this is mediocre if not just... bad right?

It’s like Illumination is trying to shoehorn a genre that isn’t supposed to be used for this 
Never believe in Illumination. Unless you are a stock holder because the movies make bank. 
Man I feel this is Goanna disappoint a lot of adults and become another minion movie. I hope it turns out to be better than the trailer, and I could go on a huge rant about the trailer. #1 disappointing thing is that his house looks pretty nice and hide voice isn’t even gnarly and bitter.
I struggled to make it through this 2 minute trailer without turning it off, I can’t even imagine 90 minutes of this 
I really dislike this trailer. I actually liked the Jim Carrey Grinch movie (the Freeform extended cut version is decent too) because it at least had interesting visuals and some sort of plot. The emo reindeer sounds like an awful idea. But I know this will pretty much print money. I am not too thrilled on Illumination doing the Mario movie. It’ll likely be lazy and bland looking, just like how this movie is shaping up to be.
NO! We have one already! Leave it alone! Come up with a new idea ya fucks. 
“Hate hate hate, hate hate hate, double hate, LOOOOOOOOATHE Entirely”
I’ll stick to the Jim Carey one thanks. I don’t Care what anyone says. It’s amazing. 
Not Jim Carrey? Not interested.... 
1. Grumpy curmudgeon seems to hate everyone, yet lives with adorable sidekicks, goes to pedestrian places, interacts with the locals, and wears a stylish scarf. It's just Gru from the first Despicable Me.

2. Why would the Grinch even have a radio alarm clock?
Alright raise your hand if you asked for a recreation of “How the Grinch Stole Christmas.” 

What?! Nobody? Nobody wanted a cash grab based off the timeless story and tv special? Weird. 
The inflatable snowman just whacking him in the kisser right on the music cue makes me laugh. That was unexpected and amusing.
Looks like they stole Christmas from the Grinch.
Worse than I could have dreamed

Illumination makes such soulless animation. Their style is so bland and inoffensive. I'll stick with the old hand drawn animated Grinch thank you very much.
How do you fuck up a movie whose actor was born to play the role?

Benedict Cumberbatch is basically the next Alan Rickman and his performance is great and charming. He definitely is a better fit than Jim Carrey. But damn, this just looks so generic.

It just... feels corporate. Blue Sky didn't give that feeling when they did Peanuts and even Horton at least seemed to come from some interest to entertain. This though... this is just bad. And that sucks because *Sing* surprised me with how much I liked it.
Holy shit... Illumination is like the most depressing animation company ever... I don't even know why I expect anything lol
Cumbersnatch's voice does NOT fit here at all. 

Obligatory pop song. 

Minion in the opening. 

Weird cover of "you're a mean one" that doesn't hold a candle to the original. 

A soulless, uninspired cash grab based off a beloved children's book. 

Illumination's commitment to being mediocre is honestly kind of impressive. 
What The Fuck. Seriously, what in the actual fuck. This looks as bad as the Carey one. For christs sakes, pop songs have no place in Dr. Seuss. What was the remix of that song? And why cast cumberbatch if you want him to sound like Ed Helms? You have one of the best, deep voices working today, who can nail the Boris Karloff feel, and you TELL HIM TO PUT ON A HIGH PITCHED AMERICAN ACCENT? Lets not even get started on the whos. They lool like the humans from the lorax because they probably are to save money. Even the Jim Carey one knew to make them look inhuman, as scary as it was in live action. Finally, the plot synopsis. An emo raindeer helps thr grinch steal christmas, and Cindy Lou Who plans to kidnap Santa to help her single mother. SHE'S TWO YEARS OLD!!! Wait, let me guess, she's older, like say 10-13 but doesn't notice the green grinch looking guy in the santa suit. Ugh!!! It makes sense when she's two because she's naive and the Grinch cunning. I swear these Seuss movies are worse than live action anime movies made in north america and video game movies combined with their complete and utter contempt for the source material. Stick to the Chuck Jones classic and the book, they're all you need.

Rant done.
My god I had no idea Reddit hates Illumination so much. Looks average to me and I legit LOL'd with the shelf trolling.
I couldn't help but think of the first Despicable Me movie while watching this trailer. This movie looks like it will just be that but w/out the kids and super villain gadgets. It will have a minion since every fucking Illumination logo is plagued with them like fucking herpes.
Think of the memes!
Sigh...this looks really bad. Had some hope, but now it's gone. 

I really dislike Illumination's brand of humor.

Love the Grinch, the animation looks pretty good, but the humor is just painful. Fuck. 
Mild sound and imagery for the whole family to moderately observe. 
WILL HOLLYWOOD EVER STOP REMAKING THE SAME MOVIES EVERY 20 YEARS???  FIND OUT NEXT WEEK!!
No no no no no no no no no no
This looks awful.
Garbage.
I thought it looked cute. It’s not going to be great or anything, but it could be okay.

But screw me for not hating everything Illumination does, right?
This looks terrible.               
They couldn't even come up with different expressions/mannerisms for the grinch, he is identical to their villain character from Despicable me.                         
What's funny is that people think the Mario movie is something they can do because there's no speaking/ Well, the Grinch didn't have speaking either, and look at this shit.                   
Doesn't look good at all. 
My kids want to see it so I will likely end up watching it at some point. It looks pretty generic, but I can tolerate that. Some of the stuff they put out for kids is really, really bad, so I will deal.
Oh this is horrendous. Why did Despicable Me have to make that much money? Just... damn that film that started it all.
Why do we need another remake? Do something original. 
the Grinch, but what did he steal? oh wait pc my bad my bad 
another shitty 3D animated movie.
It started out with a fucking minion and I turned that shit right off
I hate it
Clicked with an open mind, but it's exactly the steaming pile of dog crap you would expect. 
I was disappointed as soon as the minion appeared.
I stopped watching as soon as I saw the minion.
The jam segment was great.

Everything else was meh.

Will probably be an inoffensive movie, but not special.
This looks so terrible.

Why are these guys entrusted with the Mario movie again?
My son’s going to love this. He’s like a Grinch “Trekkie!”
I don’t know what’s more unsurprising: this trailer or these comments.
It looks like a remake of the Jim Carrey version
I remember seeing The Grinch trailer with Iron Giant as a kid and it scared the living shit out of me. That trailer will stick with me forever, this one will not.
Speaking of Illumination, I wonder what Dr. Seuss would think of that Lorax movie from 2012.
Can't wait for the Nostalgia critic to review this 
Who doesn't love pickles??? A line has been drawn in the snow...
So the Grinch is basically Bojack now?
That is not dead which can eternal be milked for money.

This is so strange to me, we already have an animated adaption of this.... its was literally the first one.
I can't tell if I'm more tired of the Grinch franchise or just these generic rehashing.
His lip makes me uncomfortable.
[But why](https://media.giphy.com/media/cPKWZB2aaB3rO/giphy.gif)
I watched the trailer on youtube 10 minutes ago and until I saw this post I already forgot this movie exists.
Trailer made me cringe all the way through.  This will get a solid nope from me.  I think Benedict has the ability to throw his own spin on the character like Carey did but oi, way to suck all the potential out of what he could have done with it
he went from sounding like Ed Helms to David Harbour  and then to whatever type of accent he was doing there at the end.  

why cumberbun? there are so many better choices 
Benedict Cumberbatch as the voice of The Grinch? 

This is the one time I can say that's a terrible idea.  It should have been someone gruff and raspy, not the beautiful voice of BC.

So odd.
The nanosecond I saw the minion I was out. Nope. 
I'm surprised no ones pointed out that the pop song in the movie is from Despicable Me 2. I guess the joke is that everyones tired of Happy so I really don't think the dreaded kids movie pop song rule can really be applied here. 
Oof. I had little expectations, but this doesn’t look good. Cumberbatch just doesn’t sound right. Maybe it’s just the specific lines out of context.

Looks more like Despicable me than it does the grinch.

I think I’ll just stick with the classic cartoon and the live action.

Oh how I fear for the Nintendo movies...
When The Grinch spoke I wasn't a fan, then the end of the trailer tells me it's Cumberbatch and now I'm sad
Why doesn't the Grinch sound like Benedict Cumberbatch? I thought he was going to be channeling Smaug or Khan. Why Is he doing an American accent?
While I never loved the live action film, Jim Carrey was made for that role so Benny Cucumber is gonna have large shoes to fill.
oh boy here we go.
The Minions and the Happy song back-to-back. This movie never wanted a good first impression.
Eggs Benedict Cabbagepatch
Eh, this isn't made for the people like me who were kids when the original was on TV each year. I was going to get upset and talk about how it was trashy and unoriginal - but then I remembered , there is no way to replicate the rare magic that was once a year on live TV specials like the Grinch and Frosty, and kids today will never know what it was like. So, they can have things like this that they will likely forget before a week has passed and move on to the next shiny thing. We will always have those memories, this changes nothing.
Well, that was underwhelming and I can only praise the animation so much--is the town even still Whoville or what? 
They got Benedict Cumberbatch and his glorious voice talents .... and *that* is the voice they're going with? I'm as confused as I am disappointed.
and another wretched Dr. Seuss film bites the dust.

at least it's not as bad as The Cat in The Hat. *shudders*
This is a really bad, poorly paced trailer. We want more baby grinch!
Oh no
I wanna die
Why is the trailer for a Christmas movie that no one asked for coming out in March?
Subjectively, I don't think the animated Horton and Lorax films are "good" movies. But I give them credit for sticking to Seuss's art style.

This, visually, is so bland that if it didn't have the green fuzzball,  I doubt anyone would guess what the film is.
The Grinch's face needs to be more angular and grinning...
Yeah, I'm about 1 film away from being completely put off Benedict Cumberbatch. I'm sick and tired of seeing him everywhere.
Why does he sleep with underwear, but go nude while he's walking around town? Or is it a diaper...
I'm really glad they've started putting a Minion in front of movies to warn me that I'm not going to be interested in them.
STOP REBOOTING MOVIES!!!!!
this looks as stupid and bad as all the other movies "brought to you by the creators of..."
So is this supposed to be an adaptation of the book or just Illumination doing random Grinch shenanigans and then "oh yeah he also tries to steal Christmas"? Say what you want about the Jim Carrey movie (I have mixed feelings) but it tried to be like a feature-length adaptation even if they had to embellish.
Penguins
Still looks like Jim Carrey
It's a no from me dawg. I'll stick with my Jim Carrey Grinch
There was nothing wrong with that trailer. Y’all were just never going to like it anyway 
Benedict Cumberpatch did the motion capture for this movie too!
I already know this will feel like a 90-minute ad for *something*.
i really dislike the way Illumination characters...exist.

They're all the same; they all talk the same, they all look the same, they all move the same.
[IT’S TIME TO STOP.](https://youtu.be/2k0SmqbBIpQ)
At this point I've basically given up on any animated movie from a major company that's not Disney. They're all just... so *bad*.
This just looks like Despicable Me, but with a furry green guy instead of Steve Carell putting on an annoying voice. Something tells me that this is gonna completely miss the point of the book, and it's gonna be worse than the Jim Carrey movie.
>Illumination



aaaaaaand nah
Because if anyone can do a snarky, highly unenthused, patronizing character, it's a Brit.
Lorax was alright, I think DeVito was a solid choice at least, and it had its moments. But we're collectively burned out on Beneficiary Crumblestove. He's a fine actor but they keep putting him in roles that just don't make sense for his demeanor at all. And this all looks wrong, frankly. The last grinch was way goofier than anything Seuss put to paper, but it was aesthetically tight as a drum, it was beautifully crafted and held tightly to the warm nougat center of the book. It owned the style, and Cat in the Hat couldn't hold a candle to it. This one is like 'make every shape curvilinear' and 'hire the same guy as the last 4 movies'.
Eh.... ok 
Haven't watched the trailer yet but I know it's going to be bad in the end. Hopefully they don't fuck up
Why the fuck did we not hear Cumberbatch's beautiful voice to its full capability? I was waiting for the whole trailer for it, but it never came apart from grunts and small talk. I'll lose all hope if its an American accent.
Yet they got the Mario license... 
>half a billion 

I wish. Their last two films broke a billion and the third came close. They have monopolized the baby demographic,  which is apparently huge. Who'd have thunk
You think they're sociopaths because they are really good at minimizing costs while maximizing appeal to their target market? Kids do actually love their movies, and they aren't sociopaths because they don't care about whether a bunch of edgy 20 year olds also like their movies. You consider it a moral obligation for them to make less money?
Kids movies like these make so much money that a modicum of quality is enough to propel them to huge turnover.

If Smurfs can make 400 mil at the BO without even trying then its not that hard to make something Ok and get to a billion.
When we think of animation, we mostly think of people that care about art. But illumination is just in for the money. 
You have no idea how on the nosie you really are. It’s a formula for them. 
I mean, come on. Illumination made Minions. I understand this movie is a joke meme to people because of the IP, but it’s essentially half a silent film, totally unlike any other big budget kids movie released in the past 20 years. And it made 1.2B.

Yes, they made Sing, but that was the only formulaic no-heart film they made. Secret Life of Pets was pretty clever and Despicable Me is excellent. 
But it's the Grinch who Stole Christmas!

... hopefully they don't tiptoe around it and pretend like it's not a Christmas movie. I seriously don't care about people saying X-mas or wishing my Happy Holidays, but this is literally based off of The Grinch Who Stole Christmas.

Actually, upon reflection, large parts of this trailer are giving me anxiety about what a wasted opportunity this is going to be. "Happy" for example.
They’re not afraid of him because he’s not scary in this version, he’s a cynical jerk. Illumination present Benedict Cumberbatch as hairy green Squidward
Or that literally no one knows who he is and just accept someone that looks drastically different than they do without question
You're thinking of the Jim Carrey movie. In the book he doesn't really interact with the Whos much.
Yeah, that was the weirdest part of it to me. I'm trying to separate the Jim Carrey one and the original book or cartoon doesn't have him interacting with the Who's except for Cindy Lou and at the very end. This doesn't make much sense. I guess he needs to eat so he goes down to Whoville to shop, but no one raises an eyebrow? Hmmmmm...
Technically this isnt canon but a very smart decision by the Jim Carrey movie- but i felt exactly the same. That movie captured the spirit of the book so well it was a rare example of an adaptation improving on the original.
You mean Illumination missed the point of a Seuss story? That NEVER happens!!
Well, this isn’t How the Grinch Stole Christmas. This is just The Grinch. So this very well could be a prequel, where he hasn’t made such a name for himself.
So just like every other Illumination movie. 
"Alright, how can we improve upon an American classic featuring the timeless work of Chuck Jones and Boris Karloff?"

"What if we included a five-year old pop song that everyone is still sick of?"

"Done."
I think casting Benedict Cumberbatch would have been good if they had directed him to sound more like, well, himself in this case. When I heard he was cast I imagined his voice in Sherlock or Doctor Strange and figured yeah, that might work, in my personal opinion. I'm surprised he was directed to raise his pitch so much (I assume that's what happened anyways, I could be wrong). I think that's what really made his voice not fit for me like I thought it would. 
You forgot:

Cringy Minion in the intro: Check
You forgot *reusing old assets to make production cheap*
My jaw broke my desk when the chart topping pop song basically immediately started playing. Holy shit these people are completely creatively bankrupt and predictable.
Despite all that I still think it could be enjoyable, but this was a poorly put together trailer. It had no flow or build up to it, in fact it felt like I was actually watching the beginning of the movie and then it just stopped. I'll wait for it to show up on TV at Christmas in a few years.
You forgot: Minions: Check
The Jam scene was the only part that got me to smile a little bit. 
Someone getting very badly hurt: Check
To be honest, I expect nothing fro this. The live action one with Jim Carrey was so much fun as a kid and the Grinch in this looks so boring compared to Jim Carrey's version. 
What's out of place about the casting? IMO Cumberbatch is a great Grinch choice. 
>updated to have attitude: Check﻿

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AySXu8x-RnA
Same about having an open mind.  I wasn't hating on it just from posters (yes, some of you also hated their other movies) like a lot of people, but wow, this looks terrible.
Reddit complaining a children's movie is being made for children to enjoy - check
I honestly thought those were all good things you listed. Then I got to the bottom and I was like.... "oh..."
I honestly can't stand any movies made by those guys. Happy, you know, the song happy, b'cause he's the Grinch, he's not happy, **DO YOU GET THE JOKE????**
Also bummed out by this. 

The Grinch Who Stole Christmas (both the OG and the Jim Carrey version) are two of my favorite media properties ever. 
10 seconds of the trailer devoted to a fucking Twinkie? Check.
I don't know maybe because it's a kids movie?
The real bright side: No matter how bad the animated Cat In The Hat movie is, it won't be worse than the live action movie. 
I love everything about the live action Cat in the Hat lol
[The Cat in the Hat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztxEHtrgTRg) gave us some really good shit.
Didn't Dr. Suess's wife say that there weren't allowed to be any more love action adaptations of his books?
No it's retarded like everything else they've made 
>This is obscured.  
  
Absurd?
Awww maaan.
After his Smaug I though he could do something cool with it potentially, with some gravitas, buuut I was way off.
Whoville, I've come to bargain.

>Looks just as soulless and forgettable

Funny, people said the same thing about the Jim Carrey version but here we are with nostalgia goggles on tight and it's a classic.
I think he'd be fine, but Tiddlywinks Squinderbatch has been misdirected in this film. He doesn't sound like himself, or what the Grinch should sound link.
My kid will be watching the Jim Carrey version. This looks so much worse
This is part of the Cinematic Who-niverse, not the Cinematic Gruniverse.
Then we’ll get a Lorax origin story where he’s fighting ancient loggers and the dad from Rugrats.
Wes Anderson's crew puts hundreds of hours of work to make a few minutes of stopmotion for Isle of Dogs, Pixar create their most complex character yet with Hank the octopus in Finding Dory, and Illumination racks in the same cash reusing the same models over and over in their films. I understand it's efficient and cost-effective but it's just lazy animation.
What I wouldn’t give to have Lewis black or jack nicholsan voice grinch and Actually do mean things. 
Well, they are “illumination” studios
Do you remember the teaser poster for the Jim Carrey one (where it's just his hand)?

That's closer to what I would expect an animated Grinch movie to look like.
Yes. Everything is so bright, sunny, and saturated. It was the first thing I noticed in the trailer. 
I for one would love the Grich Noir
And Pharrell's "Happy". Just squeeze every last penny out of that shit. 
I find it hilarious that their "Pixar Lamp" is an awful character from 4 of their  films. 
I just hate the Illumination logo where the minion is practically having an orgasm saying the name and "squee"ing at it! Get over yourselves already!
Right? Save this shit for the super bowl 

Edit: brain fart meant thanksgiving football 
The more I'm hearing about this, the more I hope this is their first to fail.
Plus its a pop song from one of their previous films
My thought was "like garbage," but I'm okay with your assessment as well.
I wish to add to this. It also looks shockingly clean. Just look at the Grinches cave
Was I the only one really disappointed by the design choices around Grinch's lair? Has absolutely no personality!
Really? I feel like it's weak too. The colors, particularly of the grinch, are like neon bright and his facial animations have no personality. He should look like [this](https://classicmoviesandmore.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/grinch.jpg?w=236) but instead looks more like... just a lovable main character in a kids movie.
Illumination animation always looks brilliant. Their movies are like golden turds. 
I was in class when I noticed the trailer so I played it initially on mute and thought the movie looked pretty promising from watching it visually. So I was surprised when I saw the comments on the trailer being unimpressive.

But when I went back later to watch it with sound, I saw where people were coming from and kind of agreed. The animation was good but everything else just detracted my interest in seeing the movie.
They gave us very little of his voice to go by in this trailer. 
He does tend to like trying new things, and his voice goes way higher than it seems like it would. I think it’ll be American and very cartoon-villain sounding. I already want to see behind the scenes videos of him doing the voice acting, I bet he’s making hilarious faces.
That crop
How ba-ah-ah-ad could it be? Very.
With Benadryl Cabbagepatch's vocal chords? There's no hope in preventing the inevitable. It will happen, it's just a matter of *when.*
The Lorax was a good movie, had it's own original songs and not that popular pop stuff.
Except the 1966 original with Boris Karloff.
I know right?? It’s too bright and clean? I know people dislike the Jim Carrey movie but I loved how they made the grinch this dirty old hermit that people are afraid of. At least in that movie his place had character and good set design. 
I blame the audiences more than the movie studios for everything in the last 8-10 years. Movies have become more about sound business and profit-making, and familiarity and nostalgia are typically bankable assets.
> why does this CGI nonsense need to exist?

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
>We already have two perfect movies in both the original and Jim Carrey’s, why does this CGI nonsense need to exist?

ANSWER: Nostalgia. Movie audiences has already become more and more nostalgic for remakes/reboots and still think they're creative with different storyline, tones, ans character development, whose I don't agree with that.
> I truly don’t see a reason why they had to make this movie other than money, 

Then you know exactly why they made this movie. 
Jim Carrey 4eva
Well if The Lorax is anything to go by, this will be a soulless mess of a movie that has barely anything to do with the original point and ignites strange sexual passions in young people on tumblr. 
I am not seeing Benedict being born to play this role?
the hell are you talking about born to play the grinch? 
Better fit than Jim Carrey? I'm sorry, but I'd be surprised if anyone can ever do a better job after Jim Carrey.
[deleted]
I had to stop reading after 

"This looks as bad as the Carey one" 

because I choked on my milk.
It's because they have the resources to make something great yet everything they produce is painfully average, formuliac cash grabs that have no character. 
People don't like average movies. Go figure.
I don't hate them, Despicable Me was good, 2 was decent, and Pets was meh. Haven't seen Sing, and Minions was awful.
its the reaction to the Minions merchandising empire.
Im sure this is funny to people who say "legit lol'd" but its not my cup of tea
It will be Despicable Me.  The Grinch will end up being a father figure to Cindy-Lou because her mom is single.
Won’t we have to wait 20 years?
I blame the nostalgic audiences than the studios in the last 10 years for the most parts.
Cheap cost, insane profit.
is the jim carrey version good? I've only watched the old animated one.
I'm sure he'd love the rap numbers, the corporate tie ins and the chase musical ending that replaces the subtle ending that forces the audience to think.

"Let it die, let it die, let is shrivel up n' die!" 
I'm shocked he hasn't done any Illumination films considering his pretty intense dislike for them.

EDIT: He did the Lorax, which he **hated**, so disregard that.
He wears green fur clothes as shown in the trailer. Have no idea why as he looks the same anyway. 
I just noticed that they changed the title. The cartoon and the Jim Carrey movie were both called “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” but the official title of this movie is just “The Grinch.” So it’s entirely possible that he doesn’t try to steal Christmas at all. 
*Nintendo license. Not just Mario. 
iirc: Nintendo's contract, however, says they can just cancel the whole thing if they don't feel it's up to their standards.
Oh shit. Hadn't realized this. 

Fuck. 
They have shown to make decent children movies. just having that assurance can go a long way.
Wow, that’s news to me. I’m scared now.
My six year old niece adores the Emoji Movie and the Minions movie. She's seen the Emoji Movie literally ten times, it's crazy.

The films are awful from an adult perspective, but I wonder if maybe they're intended to appeal to little kids, not to us.

Something like a Pixar film, or one of the better Dreamworks movies, has broad appeal. Little kids and their parents can both enjoy them and get something out of it.

But I'm starting to wonder if maybe it's not that Illumination films are objectively bad, so much as that they're not really *meant* to appeal to grown adults like us, and maybe we're not the target audience. Little kids seem to love this shit, so I can see why they continue to do it.
Agreed, I don't think there's anything wrong with saying this looks mediocre, but implying it's somehow the result of poor management at Illumination is absurd. Of course they're going to force in all the minions and pop song crap, those are the things that have made them billions before
They have done some deplorable shit, like pandering hardcore to teenage girl hormones. The Lorax is supposed to be a heartfelt message about the environment, but all their target audience is going to take away from it is confusing feelings about the Onceler.
Reddit likes to use mental health as hyperbole against people they don’t like really often
You're completely fooling yourself if you think any other Hollywood production company is in it for anything but the money.
I mean I don't exactly hate that pitch. But I'll have to deduct a serious amount of points because you put the words "Illumination presents" in there.
Yeah...I also think it's important the Whos be at least *little* bit annoying to make that work too (the Jim Carrey movie went a little too far the other way with it). 

Fun fact, the Grinch is this whole allegory about Dr. Suess and his San Diego neighborhood so I kinda feel like it's a little bit more important to make the story work. 
Isn't that what he played in Star Trek as well? 
And then he proceeds to prove them wrong. I feel like this movie will have a great message.
Which is still the opposite of what this trailer seems to be portraying, with him walking around town, getting groceries, and interacting with Whos left and right. 
Hell the one he does interact with he is actually really sweet to, gives her some water and puts her to bed

Then he steals all her presents, but the point is he at least made her think everything was fine
His whole deal is that he hates how loud the Whos are, and there's nothing in the book or cartoon I think indicates anyone even knows who he is, so it really doesn't make sense that he goes into town for groceries and nobody cares. 
I liked Despicable Me, the only check it had was pop songs. 
Despicable Me was quite good.
It's unfortunate that these are the folks doing the Mario movie
I am so fucking worried about their Mario movie now.
"A five year old pop song from one of our own films no less!"
His voice immediately felt totally wrong.

Also, wtf is "Happy" doing in there!??!
Yeah, like his voicework in Penguins of Madagascar was good, and it would fit this just as well.
It took 10 seconds for the logos to go away because of that stupid fucking minion.
Omg yes, i almost had to turn away. I cant believe they did that

 “HEY HEY HEY WE AREN’T PIXAR HEY HEY WE DID THE MINIONS THING HEY HEY MINIONS MINIONS HEY HEY”

Ughhhhjh
Notice how Grinch's lair, there's a couple hero assets that have the Seuss design aesthetic and then the rest of his place just looks bland and unimaginative? Compare the lighting and colour scheme of his place to the Jim Carrey grinch. 

They are animating the whole thing, the can make the environment and design as zany and over the top as possible and the whole place just looks bland as fuck! 
If there's something I don't hate, it's their production methods. People quickly noticed Disney doing the same thing for the big joke in the Wreck it Ralph 2 trailer. It sucks because it's so generic.
Seriously, Happy by Pharell is theee most beat dead horse and they still use it. 
Illumination's unoriginal and asset re-use goes way farther than people know.      
Remember that awful new mcdonald's mascot "Happy" that everyone panned as generic and hideous?        
It was designed by the same designer as the minions and they pretty much aped everything from the round eyes, mannerism, voice, and they even have vaguely french voices.(The original design was a french design:    
https://typeset-beta.imgix.net/rehost/2016/9/13/cd4391bc-6c53-4831-af76-9c9844a50be2.jpg?w=740&h=444&fit=crop&crop=faces&auto=format&q=70              
)          
It's shitty generic design did well with children, and was considered to have a more universal appeal to global markets. (And now we have minions)
Wholeheartedly agree.
You would think so, but all his lines in the trailer don't even sound like Cumberbatch. They sound more generic than I've ever heard him.
[deleted]
I love the choice, I just personally would have liked his pitch to be a little lower, closer to his natural voice. Maybe the trailer isn't representative of the whole performance but I just thought something like his performance as Doctor Strange or most of his other roles really would have been closer to a real Grinch voice in my opinion (the pitch anyway). Personally I think it's a wonderful choice of actor directed less wonderfully (not to my taste anyways).
I agree with you, but he doesn't actually sound like Benedict Cumberbatch in this. 
Dirty hoe!
Speak for yourself. That movie is a national treasure. 
You're wrong. I'll get you, and I'll make it look like a bloody accident.
I like it for just how *wrong* it got the message of the book.
The great Cat In The Hat IT trailer happened because of that wonderful movie
That movie’s hilarious, but it’s not a good Cat in the Hat movie
YOU'RE FIRED^fired^fired^fired^fired^fired
How could you say such an awful thing about a great movie?!
You're not just wrong. You're stupid. 
#DELETE THIS NEPHEW!
How dare you! That movie was a masterpeiece. 
Delete this comment
*how many shots*
What are you on about that movie is incredible
no more big government!
That movie is a living nightmare
Only Live Action adaptations, they are still allowed to do animated adaptations.
The first Despicable Me isn’t that bad
He probably could if the movie was being made by a different company. 
I realize it gets decent play around Christmas time, I think calling it *a classic* is a huge leap.
Man, I love that movie, my sister and I watch it on christmas eve every year
People like to point at Thor for overusing dutch angles but pretty much the entirety of The Grinch is dutch angles and wacky camera spins. 
I still think that, but I missed the nostalgia window for it. People around 18-19 grew up with it, though. Having said that, it's not nearly as bad as what this trailer is indicating.
Eventually their will be a crossover film: From Who to Gru.
Yeah but that's how you make an animated movie on a relatively cheap budget and make maximum profit which is what their end game is. 

Or everyone was Pixar, no one would stand out from each other. 
Ehhh... kind of think Finding Dory is a bad example, what with Coco staring you right in the face. I was floored to discover that it cost $200M.
>hundreds of hours

lol
Just looks too much like secret life of pets or despicable me. Should have a different tone atleast
EEELOOMEEENAYSHUUUUN!!!
Which is so weird to me, because not only is it an out of place pop song, but it is a 5 year old out of place pop song. 
That character is also incredibly popular. 
"Increase cuteness and likeability by 60%"
- suit in Illumination boardroom 
The super bowl was a month ago...
Or at least the Oscars.
The movie comes out before Thanksgiving...
It's also a pop song that's not exactly current.

It's around 4 or 5 years old, iirc. It's like... old enough to be noticeably dated, like "wow, what year is it?", but not nearly old enough to roll back over into retro nostalgia.
Like, it looks too good to be the Grinch’s lair. It’s clean, it’s cute, its fucking bright as hell

Maybe I’m just unfairly comparing it to the Jim Carrey film, but as bad at that movie was at times he carried the shit out of it and owned the role. His lair was grimey, dirty, and gross without being excessive and still managed to feel Suessian
Yes yes yes! It looks like it should just be some other random persons house in town, nothing spooky about it.
I can’t remember the last time (if ever) that I’ve looked at a set in an animated movie and thought about how bland it was based on the source materiel. Sure did here 
It's Gru in a grinch skin. Watch without sound and you can almost hear Steve Carell instead. The expressions are exactly the same.  
From the way he says “and”, I’d bet on an American accent.
Yeah, I'm just interested to hear more. I thought he'd be doing this grumpy posh British accent like how he talks as Sherlock but it seems he's doing something completely different. 
Exactly! I think he actually likes to try and give characters he plays their own voices if they are more "character" types. It's kinda funny that everyone moans about celebs voicing animation and they just sound like themselves, but I've seen a few comments complaining that Benedict doesn't sound like himself here. Make up your mind ha. But yes to the bts video, I bet he's doing all these hand moments and acting ridiculous. 
Google made it a lot harder to copy image locations on mobile. =(
It also had DeVito!
> The Lorax was a good movie,

........how?
How ba-ah-ah-ahd can it be?
idk whats going on with them now but Surf's Up and Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs are great movies. 
The Carrey one was great!
And they’re all hugely successful, whilst films like Kubo barely turn a profit. I feel like that warrants anger.
DM2 could have been decent without the minions. 
no
That is probably fair. If audiences demanded more innovative and original material, studios would produce such. 
Views on that movie are kinda mixed. I’ll just say it’s better than this movie looks. 
It's awesome. It has heart, it looks like a Dr. Suess movie, and Jim Carrey is hilarious in it
The Jim Carey scenes are good. He does a good job with the Grinch persona. Everything else is kind of ehhhhh.
It's alright but has its flaws
Oh no... keep them away from Zelda.
Not Pokemon though. The one thing I think they could MAYBE make a fun film with. 
I don’t think they have the Nintendo license... source for this??
WHAT?! Come on, they should've at least sold the Zelda rights to Ghibli.
I know Miyamoto said it's that way for the Mario film, since he stands by not making it unless it's good. Which gives me hopes, but even with a good story Illumination could ruin it so quickly with awful gags and shitty music (from a franchise with some of the most famous music of all time) 
Sony did Emoji.

Which makes me sad. Because Sony started with quality animation and went downhill.
Little kids like anything shiny because they have no taste and nothing to compare the movie to.

Appealing only to little kids is plain laziness. 
They actually have extremely effective management seeing as how they can pump out the bare minimum they need to turn a huge profit time and time again. 
Of course they’re in for the money as well. I mean it’s a business. But I truly believe other studios like Pixar, ghibli, Laika want to create something beautiful along the way as well. 
The producers are in it for the money. Not the entire team. That's what the person you replied to was saying.

Which I'm pretty sure you knew.
Lol but I think Illumination’s unique in that the animators themselves seem to be entirely in it for the money. Generally creatives enjoy creating. 
This is braindead cynicism. It's pretty much impossible for Laika to be in it for the money; they lose it!
Oh I'm not saying that this is following the book, just that it's not following the movie either.
I mean...the movie could either of been a remake of the jim carrey one or a remake of the book. At least we get something new
 Oh god, we're going full comic fanboy over the fucking grinch? 
I don't think he wants to actively cause harm to anyone. I think he's just trying to prove a point, that he can just remove a happy part of their lives really easily and get them to shut up for once. 

 Then the whole "Christmas is more than just gifts" happens.
I liked it too, that movie actually had a lot of heart but unfortunately it was also responsible for giving us minions. 
[deleted]
I liked Sing...
First one was nice, annnnd that's pretty much it. 
Haha get it? 

The Grinch hates the song Happy. Because it's happy. And he isn't? Do you get it? It's cause he's a grinch and he doesn't like happy. So he doesn't like the song Happy. Get it?
[deleted]
Illumination's entire philosophy is built off "cheap production/high gains". Their budgets are always more than half of that which is expected from a Disney/Pixar or DreamWorks film. None of their movies look good. They're like a step above looking like a straight to video junk film in a 5 dollar movie Wal-Mart bin in terms of visual quality.

Hell, even other films that have equal or lower budgets (See: Kubo or Captain Underpants) look a lot better and stylistic than Illumination's movies because they hire actual creators who care about the medium. 
This is exactly what i was going to write up. Whether you like the Carrey version or not, you can’t help but be immersed in the world the movie created, and how the environment perfectly reflected the characters who lived in it. Then you get this, which looks like as generic as possible. You can screencap the scene of Max in the kitchen and try and have someone guess what it’s from, but you know whatever they guess it wouldn’t be Seuss, because it’s literally that uninspired and as un-Seuss as they could get without it just being 3D renders of reality. 
> Compare the lighting and colour scheme of his place to the Jim Carrey grinch.

Yeah maybe it's just my nostalgia and attachment to the Jim Carrey version, but it felt like there was an actual identity and style to the locations whereas here both his bedroom and the shop look generic and trying to be somewhat relateable instead of imaginative. 


Yeah why does the grinch live in a moderately priced Seattle condo?
They dont want to give it high expectations.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they're still working on the movie and some of the crappier designs in the trailer will look better in the actual movie.

I wouldn't bet on it, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
His personality as Sherlock suits the character, but on first take I didn't hear Benedict Cumberbatch, I heard some random dude playing the grinch.
Still can't believe that was in the film
im sorry baby i love you 
*gets hit in the balls then transitions to him on a swing wearing little girls’ cloths for 5 seconds*
Objectively, that could be a funny line, but...

*Don't give it to one of the most beloved* ***kids' story characters*** *of all time.*
It’s still fucking hilarious to this day. The whole baking show bit kills me everytime. I wish we could get more live action adaptions like the Grinch and the Cat in the Hat, we really don’t need more animated versions of existing movies, the classics are already pretty damn good.
Equally disgusting as it is hilarious 
aaaaannnnnnnnnnnyyyyything
There we go that's my opinion!
It was a good movie, but it wasn't a good fallout game. 
Actually it's pronounced "FFFIIIRRREEEEDDDDUH-"
And you're ugly, just like your mum
"Ugh all these studios are so bland, they're all making extremely hiqh quality modern classics*"

*sequel movies not withstanding
It absolutely irks me that Secret Life of Pets made at least $100 million more domestically than CoCo did. 
Oh I agree I was just making a stupid joke about the name haha
Designing new animation algorithms is *hard*, okay?
Illumination Studios is well-known for re-using assets to keep things cheap. For example, the model for Max the dog was used in The Secret Life of Pets.

These guys aren't artists, they're assembly-line workers. 
Yeah but ***I*** don't like them so no one else should.
That doesn't mean you should use them in their logo. Imagine how fucking obnoxious it would be if Dory showed up at the beginning of the Coco trailer.
Just about anything bright and spazzy like minions is popular with kids. Is that supposed to mean something?
They should have used something more current instead, like Gucci Gang 
It feels like they just never bothered to do things like colour keys or concept art. They just slapped the same generic daylight rig on everything and called it a day.
I actually really like that one. You've got some mature humor, some slapstick, super sappy child actors, and decent character arcs. It's just a great family Christmas movie, up there with Muppets Christmas Carol, Rudolph, and The Santa Clause.
Watch it again. I think that movie has aged very, very well.
It looks like it should be an attraction at Seuss Landing rather than the Grinch's actual lair. I mean, heck, even though there are only three things I like about the Jim Carrey Grinch--that being Cindy Lou and The Grinch themselves along with the costuming, this looks like a dumpster fire compared to that and at least Ron Howard had the foresight to make the lair scary instead of an apartment complex. 
Especially when he does that mouth thing after drinking the coffee.
Didn't they also do Hotel Transylvania? Anyone who can squeeze a good film out of Adam Sandler deserves at least a little respect
My Life as a Courgette (or Zucchini) was a marvelous, sweet little animated movie that made jack shit at the box office. And The Breadwinner? The Breadwinner made even less.

Illumination Entertainment is the White Castle of animation.
Can't wait for the Ocarina of Time trailer where Link plays [insert hip pop tune here] on the ocarina as Ganondorf runs around committing Saturday morning cartoon villain hijinks. 
[deleted]
I feel like Miyazaki could do a good Zelda film, but I doubt he'd stay out of retirement to do a video game adaptation.
They should just ask ubisoft for the rabbids.
I could have misheard. I can't find a source. But I'm almost positive that the reason Illumination dropped their multi picture deal with the Seuss estate was so they could sign a multi picture deal with Nintendo. 
You're forgetting the most important factor when it came to making a Mario movie.

[It's gotta be:](http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20121106023913/mario/images/c/c1/Cheep_Cheep,_New_Super_Mario_Bros._U.png)

There's literally no other goddamn reason. Illumination is the most notoriously frugal big named animation studio in the business. Miyamoto sat down with their CEO, he quoted them the lowest dollar amount, and they were off to the races. You would think they would've learned their lesson after the last notoriously cheap and low effort Mario cartoon, or the notoriously cheap and low effort Zelda cartoon. But I guess if it's broken, why bother fixing it. 
Even worse, the did the Emoji movie instead of Popeye by Genndy Tartakofsky, [which looked insanely good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1lzJuwJD9k&feature=youtu.be&t=2m).
The Minions weren't even that bad in Despicable Me, the sequel after seeing the mass marketing caused by the first movie pushing them into a more prominent role is what made them the worst.
Call me a middle-aged mom, but I like the Minions.

I do completely acknowledge we are heavily over-saturated with them, though. 
> This has me worried for their Super Mario Movie... Save us Miyamoto, your our only hope.



What do people actually expect from a Super Mario movie? 



I doubt we're getting anything as far out as the Chipmunks films, but having seen most of illuminations films a Mario movie seems right up their alley. I expect a bog standard kids adventure cartoon, with silly humour, that kids will love and adults would tolerate. 
Sing was okay, but definitely forgettable. 
roflmaoOOoo omgz now I get it! Thonx beb.
"Get it? Track, because horses run on tracks, and you are a horse, and I am a horse."
GET IT?!?!?!?!?!?!
Pretty sure its the Penglings of Madagascar.
I see what you did there ;)
Wait, you're telling me some people *don't* like the Carrey version?
It's not just your nostalgia.  The film won Best Makeup at the Oscars and was also nominated for Production Design plus Costuming.  Jim Carrey went through like 12 hours of makeup and torture to get into that thing each time.  They spent $125 million on it.

I think it's pretty flawed as a film, but it reeks of effort and had a lot of talented people working on it who I think legitimately cared about the final product.
Maybe it will be explained in the movie?
Sunnova bit...
Did you say anything?
Yes Anything!
Anything?
Yes Anything...
... Anything?
I'll get you, and I'll make it look like a bloody accident 
I actually took clips from cat in the hat and the room and its quite hilarious

https://youtu.be/ceIbowL3ruY
Shut up. I mean it, I will end you.
Did you just call my mum ugly?
Haha Yeah,  I got you
It's funny you mention Coco, because they got a ton of flak for the awful Frozen "short" featuring Olaf that they insisted on playing before the movie. And rightfully so - it was terrible, intrusive, long, and unnecessary.
GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG 
I love ron Howard’s movie haha. My family watches it every year. 
it's not just mature humor, it's very adult stuff going on. I just rewatched it for the first time in years and never knew some of the stuff they got away with!
I watch it every year with my girlfriend who loves it

I’ve never been a fan of Christmas movies to begin with, so as a whole it doesn’t do it for me personally, but I absolutely love Carrey in the role.

I also get a kick out of “BETTY! hhhhhHIIIIIIIIIIII”
What I wouldn't give to see Laika do their properties over these hacks.
I can just imagine Ganon's goofy overdone grin as he pushes a hyrule guard into the moat and then casually walks away with his hands behind his back whistling, while some unfitting rap music about being a villain plays over it.          
I've never been as horrified as I am right now. 
Yo if he plays Gucci Gang on that imma cop tix!
God damn my soul just broke... i like to  think Nintendo would never allowed that shit to happen. Notwithstanding the CDi games, Zelda is their most protected property
EXCUUUUUSE ME PRINCESS
IIRC, he said in an interview not too long ago that he would simply cancel the entire film if they can't come up with a quality script.

What are the chances this film gets canceled in about a year?
I don't get this viewpoint. Miyamoto is a games director. What makes people think he will be the answer for a good movie? He's the one who doesn't want story in his games.
Ehh, I personally do not like the "everyone is made of wet spaghetti" style of animation, but I would still prefer that to the emoji move. 
One conspiracy theory I personally subscribe to is: Despicable Me originally did NOT feature Minions at all. The writers gave the script (about a lonely supervillain and three little girls) to the execs at Universal, who agreed to greenlight the movie if they could make one little change.....
Yes, they work well as a support characters, but in their own movie they are horrible
What's your favorite Minions?
I want my video game with no plot and for kids to be a rated r gritty  retelling. Maybe some nudity. Is that SO much to ask for /s
Check out The Mission To Save Princess Peach from 1986 for a more faithful adaptation. Even though Miyamoto disliked it since he felt it was "To faithful" to the original games.
>What do people actually expect from a Super Mario movie?

Bob Hoskins and Dennis Hopper.
I could have sworn i read they weren’t going to make a Super Mario movie if they didn’t get a good enough story for it. Then again that might have just been my brain trying to justifying it when Studio Ghibli or Pixar/Disney didn’t get the rights instead. 
[deleted]
There’s not many, but i have seen some who shit on it because they think the classic cartoon version is the best no matter what. They’re both good!
Watch the Nostalgia Critic's review of it.
That movie:

A) gave me nightmares as a kid.

B) confused me as to who that film was made for.
Uh, Cat? Your tail...
That's it! I mean it! I will end you!
I'm pretty sure a lot of Pixar movies always have some sort of short movie before the main movie starts in the cinema.
Yea, the whole baby delivery scene is kinda nuts. Grinch floats by a swingers party and, when another baby lands on a doorstep, the dad turns to the mom and says "he looks just like your boss!"

Then The Grinch has some friggin' real talk about the nature of depression when he's an adult lol.
Nintendo likes money and Illumination movies make tons of it. Sadly Laika movies only profit like half the time. They are lucky they have passionate funding. 
Doesn't universal distribute the Laika films as well.
At least Gucci Gang is current. The song in this trailer, "Happy," is seriously like 5+ years old. Its popularity peaked *years* ago -- but not long enough ago for it to be retro or nostalgic.

It's in that time slot, around 5-10 years after something peaks in popularity, where it's noticeably dated, but not old enough to be retro yet.
Or Tucci Gang.
Here’s hoping! 
That isn't a conspiracy theory.  The creators have said the Minions weren't originally in the movie.
CIA psyops confirmed.

There is something about the minions that really puts me off. Like getting overly gleeful about the military. Just something really off about them. 

Agreed. The minions movie should have just been a series of wacky short films. 
Mario's Revenge, starring Mark Wahlberg.
If you utter so much as one syllable, I'll hunt you down and gut you like a fish!
Oh I see i've chopped it off. Well that's interesting because...

SON OF A B-
Cat! Your tail!
The Frozen short was made by Walt Disney Animation Studios, not Pixar. Pixar was forced with a gun to their dogs head to allow Disney to put the short in front of Coco
Yes but normally there isn't any controversy like there was with Coco. 
Yeah, but short implies like 5 minutes at most.

Not *22*.
I even love his fourth wall breaking. The “kids today, so desensitised by movies and television.” 
It looks like he is looking into the distance as he says it but he’s looking directly at the camera. 
You mean that Travis Knight, lead animator, producer, and director of Laika Studios is the son of the Nike founder and chairman lol
Surely if they like money the most Disney or Pixar would have been their best bet. Their animation departments basically print money at this point, on top of making beautiful final products. 
Hoping it gets canceled or hoping they make a quality script?
Source?
They seem like the perfect focus tested product for kids.. Too perfect..
[deleted]
*whistling The Girl From Ipanema*
Oh! I chopped it off. That's funny cause, son of a b***************
I've not actually seen or heard about it before but jeez didn't know it was 22 minutes long.
 Yes. That's what I mean. 
Pixar probably wouldn't have room in their schedule for a series of Nintendo based movies. Plus Illumination movies still male boatloads of money. Minions made over a billion dollars 
After looking for one it looks like i was wrong.  They were added during the script writing process.
Wow you feel quite strongly about this movie haha. But fair enough I guess I do too in some ways (my first DVD!). But I guess yeah it is quite a bit off tone from the original, especially in a much more dark way. But me here, typing this out, I realize I kinda like that about it. Plus then you throw in all the Jim Carreyness and it almost becomes a sarcastic caricature of itself. Maybe I'm younger than you, idk, but for me at least, dont really compare the two since they are so different. 
You're not just wrong, you're stupid

And you're ugly, just like your mom
I’m sure if they or Disney Animation got the contract they’d make room for them. Also the people running Nintendo are notorious control freaks who have put out some of their most artistically out-there games in the past few years, putting out a lackluster movie just the sake of money goes against their code in a way. I honestly wouldn’t be surprised if the deal falls through in a year or two because they’re not happy with what Illumination tries to do with their IP. 
Damn, I was hoping it was true.
