Heard about a job. Big shot space agency, puttin' together a crew. You in?
Damn I really hope that Neil guy makes it
A lot of space movies haven't been able to capture the terror of sitting in a big hunk of metal and exploding yourself straight into the unknown, I hope this one does.
Every studio dropping all the trailers this week. Bout to watch 40 minutes of trailers at the theaters before the movie next week
I just hope it doesn't make up shit to be more dramatic. Neil Armstrong was a legit badass. He was flying the LLRV one morning and it crashed. It was near the ground, he ejected and the wind almost blew him into the burning wreck. Afterwards he just got on with his day as normal and went back to his office which he shared with another astronaut. Later that day when that astronaut was told Neil had a crash and almost died, he didn't believe them because of how normal Neil was back in the office.
Kyle Chandler was born to play these sort of retro 60s roles.
> FROM ACADEMY AWARD WINNER^® DAMIEN CHAZELLE

Shit's about to go down here.
If anyone's wondering why this feels Nolan-esque, it's because the production designer for this movie is Nathan Crowley.

He did the production design for:

Dunkirk

Interstellar

The Dark Knight Rises

The Dark Knight

The Prestige

Batman Begins

Insomnia
Im working on the VFX for this movie, have been for the past 7 or 8 months, this project is my life, Im so proud for everyone to finally see what we've been working on. Glad to the reactions are positive thus far. Us VFX Artists will be working hard until final delivery! So much passion in this project :)
Fuck yea...  We all know how the Apollo flight went but not many people know the story of how he earned that seat, and this film appears to show that story, from his time as an X-15 pilot, to that as a Gemini astronaut.  They even seem to depict the [flying bedstead](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r62hCQIM4qM) accident that nearly killed him!!
Sincerely, thank you Universal Studios for a trailer that was not preceded by a 5 second truncated version of the very same trailer. 

I hope one day it will again become the expectation that action packed moments will be revealed when the editor intended.
After Whiplash (one of my favorites of all time), and La La Land, anything Damien Chazelle does, he has my money.
C'MON TAR \- O wait....
This will be an all-timer. Fans of Apollo 13, The Right Stuff, From The Earth To The Moon, and so on.... buckle up! 
*Houston, we have an Oscar contender here*

Also, this looks insanely more intense than I predicted, even more excited now! Perfect director, perfect cast, couldn’t be happier with how great this looks 
That was tense as fuck, feels like chazelle has taken inspiration from Dunkirk or maybe that's just the edit for the trailer. I hope it has good pacing and tension throughout, as it's very easy for a film like this have stale moments. 

Pretty excited for this, it's so different to what chazelle has done before I'm really interested in how his style can be applied to it. 
Holy shit this looks unbelievably intense. Definitely not going to be a run of the mill biopic. 
First\-person view of Neil climbing out of the LEM, supposedly filmed with IMAX cameras?

SIGN ME UP.
Yep... High expectations satisfied. 
When you strip away all the lore and fantasy that came from actually putting a man on the moon you gotta remember:

This was probably the scariest fucking thing ANYONE has ever done.

I like that this is the tone Chazelle is going to give us.
Really not a fan of that super generic action movie music that goes 'Bwwuuuuuuh thump thump bleeep Bwwuuuuuuh' for the whole trailer. A movie like this deserves orchestral music and, well, a good bit of silence. Hopefully the actual film is more like that and the trailer is just to get the popcorn-munchers interested.
this cast is bonkers  

Gosling, Corey Stoll, Kyle Chandler, Jason Clarke, Jon Bernthal 
I'm ready and excited for anything from Damien Chazelle. After Whiplash and La La Land he's proven he can make consistently amazing films.
It begins: Ryan Gosling's campaign to succeed Tom Hanks someday as go\-to actor for any role involving an historic or just newsworthy American.
Looks great but goddamn is this trailer over dramatic. Thought this would be a historical drama but its being advertised like its Armageddon or something. 

Still stoked to see it though
The cinematography was beautiful in that trailer. I can’t wait. I’m a sucker for space movies
A double feature of The Right Stuff and First Man is in my future.  
"Be an Avenger" \~0:14

MCU CONFIRMED CANON
The scene of them getting locked into the cockpit for the shuttle was insanely intense. Really looking forward to this.
Man, I love Kyle Chandler. 
Spoiler alert: they land on the moon and return to earth safely.
I know American cinema loves to glamorize the moon landing and American dpace missions, but I'd love to see a really high quality movie about Yuri Gargarian. 

The first person in space was one of the biggest moments in human history, and I feel like it gets down played a lot in Western history because of some old cold war grudge from the past. 
God this thread has such a rudiculous amount of dumb predictable comments. Haha spoiler, they land. Fake moon landing reference. Get original.
Looks way more intense than I thought it would. Not a bad thing tho. I’m totally on board for this.
Really? Did they have to show that shot of the moon at the end? I hate when movies spoil everything in the trailer
You think they're gonna use the same set?
Considering how well crafted all of Chazelle's endings have been, I expect to be blown away by the moonwalk scene, which I assume would be the end.
As someone who witnessed every single shot of Hidden Figures as it was happening, as well as parts of this movie, I can’t tell you how proud I am to actually be able to work on projects that actually have substance. 

When we shot HF the Obama administration sent representatives from his administration to speak to the crew. I’m not sure if that happened on this project as I only worked on the stunt unit, but I can say this.....When work stops on a film set, it costs somewhere between $50k-$150k an hour..... it’s a big deal for work stoppage. I’m not sure where I’m going with this (it’s been a long “fraturday”) but yeah, it’s these types of movies that give me a little faith in the studios. Wish they made more of these.


Edit: when the representative (Megan Smith CTO) from the Obama administration came, we stopped worked and the lady gave a long speech to the crew about how important that movie was to the nation. That kind of thing doesn’t happened everyday on a movie set.
Incoming jokes about where will they fit a musical into this. We’ve read them all before on every news regarding this film, fellas. 

On another note, the trailer looks absolutely beautiful! I stopped watching halfway as to not ruin more shots for me. I’ve seen enough.  
See hopefully this is like The Right Stuff where it's more ponderous with some little bits of intense scenes oh and also 3+ hours. Would make a nice two film combination.
This looks incredible. 
Cool, a prequel to Apollo 13.
In 2015: the big short
In 2016: the nice guys
In 2017: blade runner 2049
In 2018: first man

My man Ryan's career is reaching higher and higher every year
Definitely going to be one of the best movies this year. 
Claire Foy can do anything, she gives me more faith in this project than anything else.
Looks a little overly Hollywoodish? But I trust and love the director so I guess Ill see when I see it. 
Holy fuck! Gripping trailer! Considering we already know the whole outcome. 
We used to actually go to the moon. Now we just make movies about how we used to go to the moon.
I get that the movie is likely going for amping up the tension and fear of attempting such an unknown endeavor but this trailer just feels bizarre to me.   Its cut like it was for a sci-fi horror movie ala Aliens and not something based on true events.   The tone of it just feels really off, at least to me.  
"You're a bunch of boys. You don't have anything under control"

*Puts a man on the moon. Whaddup
13 hours later, why has no one mentioned that he nailed Neil's voice, timbre and inflections both? 

Wow. 
Reality: Apollo, you're drifting slightly, please roll clockwise to 135, confirm? "Confirm, Houston, rolling to 135."

Movie: *pulse pounding music* They're coming in too fast, they gotta fire the thrusters now! "Neil, fire everything or you're gonna burn up in the moon's atmosphere!" 
"Buzz, FIRE EVERYTHING!" 

*the crew's faces deform as they are subjected to 8TurboGs of force*
so many fucking closeups in this trailer
To me it looks like they're trying to go darker and more thrilling than even Apollo 13. 

We know the mission was successful at every truly significant point, you can't really outdo the one that went catastrophically wrong and took an insane maneuver to keep them alive. 

Just seems like the the drama is forced. I think this story would do better with a challenge ridden yet uplifting story like October Sky. 
I'm very happy that some folks in Hollywood are choosing to tell a heroic story that is actually real. 

Godspeed. I hope this is a good one.
It looks like they are going to cover Neil's entire career and not just the Apollo 11 landing. I saw the X-15 and his Gemini flight spinning out of control in the trailer.
YES. YES DEAR SWEET LORD IT'S GOING TO SHOW THE PROGRAM FROM THE START. WE GET TO SEE JOHN GLENN, I AM SO EXCITED I'M 8 YEARS OLD AGAIN. 

I'm excitable by nature, but I've never yelled out in happiness like this. Space exploration is so important to me and to see this, it looks like they're going to give us a good overview of it all, and that's how it should be! Of course it'll embellish some details and dramatize others, but the entire NASA Space exploration program going from Mercury, through Gemini, into Apollo is, in its own right, a dramatic piece of history. 

From the fact that they practiced EVAs with Buzz Aldrin in the Gemini Projects to the tragic and heartbreaking Apollo 1 disaster that took three brave souls with them. It looks like it's going through all that! I cannot tell you how excited I am for this piece of history to get its spotlight again. 
Is that the same set from the first Moon landing?
Oh the title made me think it was going to be about an American female presidents husband or something.
*pushes horn-rim glasses up nose*

Well *actually* the sound would have taken 16 seconds to get from the launch pad to rattle the windows in the control center, so that first shot is *totally* wrong. tsk.
This looks kind of dull... I'm sorry Reddit
Hell yes. A strong feminist woman calling the fathers of space exploration a bunch of boys who didn't have anything under control. I guess they just succeeded by accident. I also liked the female reporter who asked if it was worth the cost. Obviously it wasn't.


I’m hoping that it’s only being marketed as a big-ol’-Michael Bay action flick, because this feels like a major departure from Chazelle’s usual style. Regardless, extremely excited. 
Twist. This movie is about the Challenger. 
Ugh, I hate when trailers give away the whole fucking plot. Now we know they make it to the moon so what's the point?
This looks super cool. It’s going to have a lot of stuff that isn’t super mainstream knowledge (Gemini program, etc.) and I’m super excited for that.
I doubt this I doubt that, I bet this I bet that. Ok covered both typical reactions to any trailer these days.
I am almost 100&#37; sure that the "Go with throttle up" "Roger, go with throttle up" audio at  0:32 is lifted directly from the STS\-51L (*Challenger* disaster) launch.  It's obviously a standard part of each shuttle launch, but this one sounds identical.
This trailer is normie-appealing garbage, and the main character is a bit too much Gosling and not enough Armstrong, but it's Damien Chazelle so it's bound to be good. Visually it looks amazing.
For anyone who hasn't watched it, the HBO miniseries From The Earth To The Moon, is fantastic. It fits really great with Apollo 13, the same way Saving Private Ryan fits with Band of Brothers.

Both thanks in part to Tom Hanks the WW2/spaceflight buff
From the time of the trailer and how it starts out it seems like there was going to be something dark and sinister going on. Wasn’t expecting it to be about Neil Armstrong from the first few seconds. 
This is engineering, not drama for crying out loud. But I guess engineering won't sell movies. :)
They already made this movie 
Glad they didn't spoil much in the trailer.
Some kind of space sqaud? 
So what are we, some kind of first men on the moon? 
Please fill me in. I’m out of loop on joke :/
Six billion people on the planet. Why'd you guys call  me?
Rawr :3
Biggest cliff hanger since Chewie on the train
To the moon, you say?
spoiler alert: titanic sinks and Hitler dies
We only need to worry if the guy they sent was Matt Damon.
Why was this trailer scored and cut in such a way as to make it look like a horror/action/sci-fi movie? Oh wait, $$$ I know. $$$
SPOILER: Tintin and Captain Haddock beat him to the moon 
The size of those capsules is also mind boggling. They were tiny little things. So tiny there's barely enough room to sit in them, and thats about it. It was a tiny hunk of metal, a claustrophobic metal coffin.
I hope so too. I had this book growing up. A big 18'' glossy paged photograph type of book. And in it were all these photos of the Apollo missions. Some of the famous ones were in there and some of them not so famous. My favourite was this one of an astronaut looking out of a window no bigger than his hand. He looked dirty and tired. And he's looking out of this porthole at everyone who has ever lived. 
I did a lot of work of this movie, and it was very important to Damien to show just how cramped the capsules were. I think this might be the first movie to really capture how tight everything was. We spent way too much time in them during filming, and I can't imagine what the astronauts went through.
I hope Ben Affleck plays with animal crackers in this one. 
Apollo 13 kind of did that. Made me feel very claustrophobic during the scenes when they're in the spaceship
The footage and sound design in the trailer make me think this will get it right. 
I cant imagine the poor souls that burned alive (briefly shown in the trailer) in that cramped space during an Apollo 1 launch rehearsal...  nowhere to go, just burn alive.

That piece of history was never really brought up much, maybe in a few documentaries, and it was never really talked about, the Challenger was always talked about. I'm happy (but not happy at the same time) that this will be shown in a drama piece. 

Wikipedia for those that want to read about it. [Link.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_1?wprov=sfla1)
Interstellar and Moon(2009) scared the hell out of me when I saw em in theaters. They got that feeling pretty good.
I think Apollo 13 did it. 
At least they’ll all be new. I can’t sit through another watch of Adrift, Venom and/or Skyscraper again. 
I have a movie podcast and we start the show with a trailer corner about the biggest trailers of the week. This week we may just give up and do an entire trailer episode. I've never seen so many major trailers released in a single week.

E: For those asking podcast is [The Movie Gang Podcast](http://tuscanshed.com/mgp/)
What are the other trailers?
Yet before Hereditary today, the trailers were for Ant Man and the Wasp, Uncle Drew (!) and the new Jennifer Garner action movie from the Taken director. Like what the fuck. 
> He was flying the LLRV one morning and it crashed

That is literally in the trailer.  I also saw a little snippet of Gemini 8, a flight that Neil piloted in which one maneuvering thruster got stuck in the "on" position.  Armstrong troubleshot that problem on orbit and stopped the tumble with the reentry control system.  Dude was a bad ass.
It's very authentic. The writer of the book was there daily to make sure it stayed true.
Watching the trailer I was hoping to see scenes referencing this event (which I think I did see).  To me, the craziest part about that crash is he punched out a literally the last possible moment - a split second later and he wouldn't have made it. It's that kind of stuff - reality being way stranger than fiction - that can make this movie great. There are some things I could see them toning down because the audience wouldn't believe it happened that way, but it did. 

Link for the interested: https://youtu.be/xJa4yQ0AIbU
Yeah, same. This trailer was a bit over dramatic, and I hope this was just marketing making it look worse than it is. The events are dramatic enough without people acting like unstable teenagers
The man had to take over manual control of the lunar lander to touch down because their trajectory was off. Dude eyeballed the damn moon landing. They shouldn't be short on material. 
He's born for any role that requires motivating people. 

I'm trying not to typecast him there but he's just so damn great at it. 
\*cuts to scene of Ryan Gosling doing romantic living room mini\-dance with partner\*

Very well done trailer production team.
I hope they release it in IMAX. I LOVE space movies
Hopefully soon to be Oscar winner Ryan Gosling. Not saying he should have won before but he should definitely have had more than just two nominations. 
\>Damien Chazelle

Okay what does this movie have to do with Jazz? 
> The Dark Knight Rises

The scene begins with the Saturn V rocket ready to launch, sitting on it's launch tower. It then cuts to a bus full of Astronauts in their space suits sitting quietly as the bus drives along Cape Canaveral. (Dramatic music plays)

The scene then cuts to a man in a White NASA suit standing with his hands on his hips while a bunch of scientists are in the background.

NASA Scientist: "Dr. Armstrong, I'm NASA."

"Sorry you can only bring two friends with you on this flight."

Armstrong: "I can't decide between just two friends."

NASA Scientist: "Alright, go up to the tower, I'll call it in."

The scene cuts to the top of the tower, where the bridge meets the Saturn V. All of the Apollo Astronauts are standing along with the head NASA scientists. 

The scientist spoke: "The flight plan I filed with the Space Agency lists Dr. Armstrong and only two of you! First two to talk get to board my space craft!"

Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins spoke first. While Jim Lovell, Alan Shepard, Ken Mattingly and several others just weren't quick enough.

The scientists then strapped the Astronauts into the Apollo Capsule, as they were the head scientist asked Neil 

NASA Scientist: " Well congratulations, you're about to launch. What's the next step of your master plan?" 

Armstrong: "Landing this ship... on the moon!"
Didn't feel nolan-esque.   
No BRAAAAAMMMM
Ok, this might be a stupid question, but what is a 'production designer' and what do they exactly do?
Low key Interstellar prequel?
Hey, we worked together!! Granted, my time is done, but those were a grueling 4 months. The trailer looks incredible!
C'mon man, does he walk on the moon or not?
This looks very 60ies. How did they make the film quality look so much like it was recorded back then ? Use old film or post processing?
Thanks man it looks great. Can’t wait to see the film
You are the best
Man, I can't even tell you how excited I am to see a modern VFX'd Saturn V launch in an IMAX theater. I'm not seeing the movie for the people, I'm seeing it for the rocket. Can't wait!
What studio just wondering? I would love to hear about your experience with movies!
exactly! i'm pumped they got the Gemini 8 problem and the bedstead crash in here too
Yeah, they definitely seem to cover off a lot. I just hope the movie has a long enough run time for each of those events to breath, like the Right Stuff did.
Such an incredibly annoying and stupid trend. 
I thought something seemed strange. Glad to not see that also
In a couple years trailers will be preceded with a call to smash that motherfuckin like button
Considering that Villeneuve will be busy with Dune for like two years and Nolan haven't announced his next project yet, I would bet that in about six months time /r/movies is gonna have a new director-crush.
The dance numbers in zero-G are gonna be spectacular!
And he wrote 10 Cloverfield Lane with the intention of directing it. He’s got a great and varied track record for someone so young. 
I went to La La Land because of Whiplash, and I'll go to First Man because of...well, still Whiplash to be honest.
TARS set hype setting to 100%!
This trailer makes me think that Chazelle could be an Interstellar fan, not that it would be that surprising.
October Sky 
What this seems to be about is how skittish everyone is about people dying in space, and how Neil Armstrong completely blocked that out.  Which is what we're going to have to do if we're going to colonize, much less land on mars.
I’m glad someone else watches the Right Stuff, a contender for most under-watched film of all time.
How did you forget Space Cowboys?
I was just thinking this felt like it could be The Right Stuff part 2. Count me in, I love that movie. 
Looks like an Oscar contender that's not strictly trying to win an Oscar which I appreciate 
This feels almost Nolan-esque. idk if its the film grain or the way the zero-g sequences were shot but you can tell he was a big influence in this
Right? Holy hell does that look fucking Amazing
>This was probably the scariest fucking thing ANYONE has ever done.

Not trying to downplay your comment, because being blasted into space on a massive rocket world certainly be up there. But landing in the first wave on Omaha beach, climbing up the WTC towers on 9/11 and visiting my in laws on Thanksgiving all give it a run for its money. 
I thought it was a tiny bit much. Gives off a dark, sinister vibe at the beginning.
Yea, especially for the fact that we know how this story plays out.

I understand the mission and milestone of technological achievement is something to treat with serious earnest but this seems like a borderline thriller with the way this trailer is cut. It’s really overbearing.

That said, I have faith in Chazelle. I’m sure they are just trying to put butts in seats with this kind of trailer. I’m betting a more toned down version would have been really hard to sell. 
[deleted]
I’m pretty sure that’s music specifically for the trailer. The composer Justin Hurwitz said he’ll avoid Jazz/classical orchestra and experiment with electronic music. 
Adam Young made a pretty good score for the Apollo 11 mission as part of his year-long historic scores project. [Watch](https://youtu.be/iJiGK5HDT9I?t=350) or [listen](https://www.ayoungscores.com/scores/apollo-11/).
Corey Stoll is such a great fit for Buzz Aldrin
And they got Queen Elizabeth II!
And Claire Foy, who, thanks to her work on The Crown, I consider one of the best actresses I’ve ever watched on TV. So happy to see she’s getting good work after her two season turn as Queen Elizabeth. 
I would watch Bernthal play monopoly. I don’t even care.
I bet Bernthal will only have 5 minutes scenes of him being assholes and kicking someone else's ass, and it's gonna be great!
I’m also excited, but I’d argue that the only thing Damien Chazelle has proven is that he’s made two strong films.

He has a way to go before he’s earned that “consistently amazing” tag.
Which is funny because he's not American
I mean, the writer of the film said it was a mission story, not really a biopic. 
You think it's possible to *over-dramatize*  the story behind putting the first man on the moon?
I think I like the intensity. Every historical space movie seems to be pretty similar, but I rarely get the feelings of sheer fear or awe or anticipation that you’d imagine one would have if you were on a mission to the moon for the first time ever. This trailer seemed to capture that really well. 
I mean, quite literally it was the greatest adventure in human history. It deserves a little hype.
Lol it's literally the most dangerous thing the human race has ever done. I think it's earned the drama it's portraying...
My thoughts exactly.  This trailer looked so goddamn generic.
The Right Stuff + First Man + Apollo 13 + The Martian = my kind of movie marathon!
"One small step for man... One giant leap.... OH SHHIIII"

     Enters the Cloverfield Monster
It's a Gemini capsule, not a shuttle
Seriously, him doing his FNL thing at the chalkboard talking about the impossible and starting from scratch. 

Strap me in I'm ready to fly Coach. 
I thought this movie was about Gagarin at first glance. And the world could really use one, as many people can't even spell his name.
Russians already made a Yuri Gargarian movie though. [Gagarin: First in Space](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ya6tGohRIw) back in 2013.

You want another American made one from Hollywood?
1st Man in Space ["Gagarin: First in Space"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdqxdEQo-cY)  
1st human to perform a spacewalk ["The Age of Pioneers"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvsYJgqsuNc)  
1st time in history a 'dead' space station was docked on, and brought back to service ["Salyut 7"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XY8eYVXJO8g)
Agreed. Stupid "spoiler: they make it" crap is so unfunny it's boring. Titanic was one of the highest grossing movies of all time. Were people surprised it sank? Personally I am interested so quit half way through the trailer so it doesn't ruin it for me.

Phillip.
There were definitely some truly intense moments of Armstrong's career. The Agena/Gemini 8 mess, the lunar module testbed crash, and then the Apollo 11 landing module computer trying to set them down in the middle of a crater right as they were running out of descent stage fuel. Plenty for a movie. Plus all of the problems he had during landings as a test pilot in 1962. (They'll probably combine some of the incidents into one. They weren't really his fault, just bad luck. Multiple times.)
Jokes aside, that scene was so fucking amazing.
I heard that Kubrick's involved
*"Fly me to the moon / Let me play among the stars..."*
except let her sister marry who she wants :( :( :( :( :(
We have Bitcoin
It's because we're no longer allowed to wonder or have any reverence for anything anymore. The next historical movie is going to be all about the **REAL** Pope John Paul II in which he was secretly in league with Satanist aliens bent on global annihilation, allegedly, according to expert sources that talked to The Daily Beast.
No one's been on the moon? You telling me I'm gonna be some kind of first man.
THIS IS BUZZ ALDRIN. HE HAS MY BACK.
I'm calling it The Revengers. Because I'm getting revenge. You're getting revenge. And you're getting revenge... do you wanna get revenge?
"Big shot gangster putting together a crew", they used it in every Solo trailer till it became a meme
The movie Armageddon
**Han turns to Beckett**

"That means *I love you* in dinosaur"
Honestly I was hoping they'd splatter him and replace him with a new wookie. Then just go cartoonish and have Chewie die and be replaced like every other scene. 
Either or, the trailer doesn't reveal too much so who knows what happens
And his wife?
Take him to the moon for me,  will you? 
To the studio where they will fake the moon landings you mean? /s
Hitler will always live on in your hea...ugh, no fuck it, too real now, fuck nazis, god damnit ruining good Hitler humor by coming back around.
Wtf can you not tag your spoilers properly
[Only because of those damn sharks!](https://youtu.be/TTRe-zSbEUY?t=56m46s)
Or bruce willis.
Fuck you, moon. 
[This is how they pack the Soyuz](http://spaceflight101.com/iss-expedition-46/wp-content/uploads/sites/59/2016/02/CcA-f8EVAAEj-PX.jpg-orig.jpg) that brings astronauts back from the ISS.
I was able to climb in the Apollo 17 capsule a bunch of years ago and it was tiny with just me in there add two more guys in bulky suits it would be really cramped.
For here am I floating in a tin can, far above the world🎶
If you ever get a chance, look at the Gemini capsule in some museum. Those things are more cramped than economy seating in a discount airline, and for one mission the 2 astronauts stayed over a week in one...
[deleted]
Was the book by any change called "We Came in Peace: The Story of Man in Space"?

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/66/0e/ec/660eec2a019f5245fc9aa57f79f4d923.jpg 
I think you will be successful.  Everything from this trailer hits the right notes.
Whoa shit, that's dope! Would love some more fun facts from the set
The trailer looks pretty realistic, especially the Gemini mission part. Those were about the size of a classic VW Bug. 

Are there any good stories you can tell without violating an NDA? 
"Apollo 13" was pretty loyal to accuracy. The capsule was a copy.
I just want him to do the [commentary track](https://youtu.be/-ahtp0sjA5U).
This movie seems to share a lot of similarities with Apollo 13, and that's a good thing
Apollo 13 made the spaceship look huge.
Seriously, the endless trailers for Adrift have ensured I never watch that movie.  I feel like I’ve seen the whole thing, and I didn’t find it terribly interesting.
Just got back from Oceans 8. They were all new except for one: God damn Mission Impossible. I've seen that trailer so many times I don't even know if I want to see the fuckin' movie at this point. I might just wait for the blu-ray so I can take a break from it. 

Edit: Ocean's 8 was OK. It did a good job of feeling like an Oceans movie. Just had a few plot holes that were too hard to ignore. With MoviePass I'm glad I saw it, but I don't know if I would pay full price to see it. 
I've seen the stupid trailer to the purge so god damn much 
And my theatre keeps playing the *AWFUL* first Venom trailer, I’d be fine if it was at least the one where you see him with the symbiote, but alas it’s the terrible voiceover with no indicators it’s for Venom. To finish out the rant our AMC IMAX has a glitch that replays the first two and a half trailers. So I’ve seen Superman reload his arms in the MI:F trailer and Bane strapped and screaming probably close to 20 times each what with multiple Infinity War (4x), Deadpool (3x) and Solo (2x) viewings. 
I wish some werent new. The fucking new Jurassic World trailer gives away the entire plot. It shares lile two scenes with the original trailer. Really killed my hype for it
Mission Impossible......... I don't know how many times I have seen that damn trailer now.
Can I get a title? I’d love to check it out!
How does this guy mention his podcast and not provide a name or a link??? No explanation needed for username /u/badhusbamd...
Like the old E! Show Coming Attractions.  God I miss that show.  Every Friday they just showed all the trailers that came out that week and briefly talked about them.
Seconding another comment, give us the name!
Halloween

Bumblebee

Lego Movie 2

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse

Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2

The Girl in the Spider's Web

How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World

Siberia

Suspiria

Mortal Engines

A Star Is Born

Bad Times at the El Royale

Serenity

White Boy Rick
Strange? Usually A24 only places nice indie trailers before their films. First Reformed, comes to mind. Or even something like Widows. 
That Agena incident is the definition of staying calm in extreme circumstances.
That's good to know.
Ok, that makes me way more interested in this movie.  I had no idea that some of that stuff happened to Neil, and I thought they were making shit up to add drama based on what I saw in the trailer.
your comment is the most comforting thing I've read here
Who acted like an unstable teenager?
In 1978, Neil was working on his property in Lebanon, Ohio. As he jumped off the back of his grain truck, his wedding ring got caught. His ring finger was severed. He picked it up and drove himself to the hospital. It was reattached. 

He was the OG Iceman.
The coolest thing about this is you can't really tell from watching the footage. There's no cinematic over exaggeration in emotion and yelling. I hope the filmmaker captures the stress and risk of that in an appropriate way. Cut to someone in Mission Control freaking out to push the point, but show the professionalism. Maybe have beads of sweat, Gosling acting stressed but in control.   
I have high hopes for this film.
When he’s done with acting I can see him going into politics. 
Yep. As soon as I saw him in the trailer, I was thinking to myself, "If there's anyone who could lead this mission, it's Coach Taylor."
I hope we see some classic fingerprints of Chazelle’s - like those quick blurry whips of a continuous short back and forth between two characters.

Like:

- Mia and Seb dancing in that jazz club in La La Land

- the last scene of Whiplash with Neiman playing and Fletcher conducting
Just tell me where I buy tickets.
They are, if the description is to be believed. 
Same here. I'm sure they will. 
No, don't give Ryan Gosling an oscar for a very long time. DiCaprio wasn't given one for the longest time, and it made him push harder and harder and we saw so many great performances before he finally won.

Do the same to Gosling. Just dangle the Oscar in front of him like a carrot, give him the nominations but not the wins so he has to deal with the disappointment repeatedly. It will keep him hungry and he'll keep killing it in roles.

Edit: ...it was a joke.
For you
>Landing this ship...

...with no survivors?
... did you watch the trailer with the sound down? There were plenty of them in there.
They’re like the conductor of an orchestra (just a metaphor I’m not saying it’s exactly the same),  making sure all different teams involved in making the movie work together in the same direction to achieve a specific look/feel/vision that is set by the director (who would be sort of like the composer in the orchestra metaphor).
You don't believe we went to the moon?
:) hello person I know 
He signed an NDA bro, you can’t expect him to come on Reddit and spoil the ending.
You mean the set, right?
SHHHHH SPOILERS MAN COME ON
Close-up of his feet on the stairs of the moon lander. Right before he touches ground: ***THE END***. 
[deleted]
A lot of super 16mm and vintage style lenses to get a low contrast old school look. 
I didn’t work on this movie but usually the answer is post-processing. If you take the film shot on set you’d be surprised how little it looks like what you see in the theater—even a movie that looks current and normal has a lot done to it to make it look that way. Color grading is a big deal!
The Saturn rockets are incredible and inspirational feats of engineering. In every way. 
I'm looking forward to seeing the X-15 portrayed in a movie. You realize how many Americans are gonna see that in this movie and  find it entirely alien to them? The spaceplane that created this nation's first astronauts? Also looking forwards to seeing the Gemini missions, which were some of the most interesting NASA missions in history, in my opinion, and we've hardly seen any depictions of those. 
The official line has always been that it was just randomly Armstrong's turn to command when they were ready to land; that he wasn't specifically chosen. I've always believed  that his steely-eyed performance on Gemini 8 --  specifically his willingness to abort -- led them to ensure he was the commander of the first landing.  

Looks like they might make that connection?
Dude right???? What is it with trailers doing that now? "Prepare to see the trailer you just clicked on to see, starting NOW." But trailers are dumb anyway so... maybe I should just forget about it.
I just hope this sub doesn't turn into a Moonlight vs La La land again. We have another Jenkins movie coming up and their is a good chance that these movies end up competing with each other
I know I do. Fincher, Nolan, and Villeneuve are all taking longer and longer breaks between projects. Chazelle is the only one consistently making a great movie every 2 years.
He should've named it Moonlight
We didn’t realize the planetarium scene was foreshadowing!
Okay but how is the Moon going to pursue a career in Jazz. 

Let's kick the TARS and light the fires, big daddy 
He does admire Dunkirk a lot, and Nolan apparently loved La La Land. 

https://variety.com/gallery/directors-on-directors-get-out-lady-bird/#!2/dunkirk-13
Underappreciated film, in my opinion.
One of my favorites!!!
>Dr Van Braun is a great man, but he’s not my hero.

Oh! I get it! We’re going to cry today! Okay! 


....Fine!
Neil was what you called a “Steely-Eyed Missile Man”; that doesn’t come out in the wash.
it'd be easier to watch if it wasn't seven hours long. great movie though
Got any Beemans? :)
IT'S CALLED SPUTNIK!
*"Forget it honey. She's his wife"*
tommy lee jones hated beep hated james garner 
See you, space cowboys.
This. So many biopics feel like they're designed to win acting awards and be forgotten about in a year or two. 
It seems a *little* Oscar-baity to be perfectly honest.

That doesn’t mean it won’t be a genuinely good film with integrity, and it’s not like Chazelle needs help getting on Oscar as it is. The tone of the trailer just struck me as a bit over the top, but that could just be marketing. 
The production designer for this movie is Nathan Crowley. He's Nolan's regular PD.
And the composer, which is the same one who created all the music for *both* Whiplash and La La Land btw, said that he will use more electronic music with this movie. Don't know if the music used here is only for the trailer or if it's part of the film score, but I'm not surprised by the choice.
That fucking username lolol
I didn't even notice any of the other actors besides Gosling and Foy, oh and ~~Coach~~ Chandler
To be fair, they were two *really* strong films. 
You have a point, but his first film *Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench* was also really good. 
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
He's the youngest directorial Oscar-winner of all time, after making two movies about a music genre most people at his age pretty much doesn't know shit about.

So I would say he's not just your regular up-and-coming director that has gone two for two so far. He's also proven that he has a real understanding for the medium, at such a high level it can be compared with people who has been in the industry for longer than he's been alive.
He also co-wrote 10 Cloverfield Lane.

Looking more and more consistent to me.
They mentioned something about making an action movie too.
Just rewatched The Martian for the 20th time.
They hid a lot of the actual Apollo stuff, which makes me really excited. 
Can I bring my katana to the moon? It’s got my back. It can cut all of you in half with one sword stroke, just like mowing the lawn. I would advise not getting killed by it. My sword traps the souls of its victims.
*Ron Howard narration*

Hey, that’s the name of the movie!
Roll credits!

*ding*
His fist takes the soul of moon truthers. 
I'm un... eh... undecided
They just put this movie on Netflix! (Ragnarok, not the movie that this trailer is for.)
Piss off Ghost
I request passage... through the anus.
They used it in every gangster/heist movie before Solo
I like you wookiee. I'm going to call you Chewie. Don't ask why.
Oh my god, YOU BASTARDS!!
Ala Landfill in beerfest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqs7857hksM
[Spoilers](https://youtu.be/60BjkUtqxPE)
It's 21st century cinema, he probably has some sort of existential crisis and has a gay romance with Buzz Aldrin while spacewalking or something
[Me seeing this trailer](https://youtu.be/-f_DPrSEOEo)
To the moon you say?
To shreds, you say?
Dammit! You didn’t have to make us tear up again :(
We saw the commercial for this during the NBA finals tonight, and we were joking that that would be the actual ending of the movie - "Fuck it, we can't do it, let's just film it on a sound stage." So many people would leave the film pissed off.
Or Sean Bean.
I'm having a panic attack just looking at that.
Honestly, it looks kinda cozy. If anything happens, your buddy's hand is right there to hold :)
The suits are all climate controlled.  The worst part about close spaces (for me) is heat.  A nice, cool suit would probably make it a whole hell of a lot better.
I was able to do some electrical work inside an old soviet one a few years back. The piece on display in Oakland was lacking in the lighting department, so I offered to put in LEDs. We got three of us inside but it was cramped.

[pic](https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t31.0-8/323691_10150369452916826_786724338_o.jpg?_nc_cat=0&oh=c012468982a42fc044bf6dee4c5b0aba&oe=5BB2D050)
Cozy compartment for 3. Sea views. Space age fixtures and a fireplace.  Ocean views. Parking. Part furnished. Mountain views. 3 previous tenants. Available next lunar month
Yes but they were only confined to just the command module (capsule) during launch and re-entry. In between there the connected with lunar module which gave them more space. Though it was still tight, it’s not as bad as just being confined to the command module for days.
Fantastic title, but no. I think it was FULL MOON from 1999. 
I felt like the tone of this trailer was completely wrong. The flashy cuts, the music being all over. 
We all signed NDAs unfortunately.
So now I'm really confused since I've been to 4 movies in the past 10 days and haven't seen a single Adrift trailer. 
I haven't seen a single trailer for it and I go to the movies almost every weekend. I wonder if I just don't see whatever movies the target audience of adrift sees? 
every youtube ad for me is that Tag movie.  i have no idea why but i will never see it unless hannibal buress invites me to the premier.
I was curious about that movie when I saw the trailer and looked it up. It fucking pisses me off that IRL, the guy was lost at sea. 
Can’t stop the friction 
It’s a great trailer though
So many times... I like the song in it, but enough is enough.
Dude I can’t wait for that fucking movie. Mission impossible movies are like Metal Gear Solid movies to me
How was Oceans 8?
Did some digging, pretty sure it's The Movie Gang Podcast:

[http://tuscanshed.com/#mgp](http://tuscanshed.com/#mgp)
If he linked it everyone would be yelling that he was just doing self-promotion.
One channel still runs a show called Nothing But Trailers.
The predator trailer came out during the NBa finals game but i cant find it online yet.
Also The Old Man and The Gun, Operation Finale, and Widows.
You forget the best one, Widows. Steve Mcqueen movie with Gillian Flynn as the writer, also an insane cast.

Edit: Also score by Hans Zimmer
Bad Times at the El Royale looks really beautiful... 
I hadn't seen the Serenity trailer so I just watched that. Man what an awful trailer. Matthew McConaughey is... an assassin? Who likes to fish? And the island is mysterious in some way? I have no clue what this movie is possibly about.

"Serenity" needs to be a retired movie name...stop playing with my emotions, #firefly tears.
Yeah it was weird that there wasnt a single trailer for an A24 film or really anything independent. I was annoyed. 
Don't theaters usually pick trailers with the studio usually attaching one or two automatically? 
Trailer definitely went over\-the\-top wringing drama and tension from every situation.  This was definitely an amazing time in history but I'm worried they might take it too far because MOVIE.
Dude. The interior shots of the rocket capsule is tailor made for those shots. 
Considering that pretty much the team from La La Land is on this one, there very well could be.  Either way, looking forward to this.
Also, they used IMAX cameras for at least one scene.
> DiCaprio wasn't given one for the longest time, and it made him push harder and harder and we saw so many great performances before he finally won.

Did Leo himself really care that much about getting the Oscar?
During the post spaceflight press conference astronauts Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong sat a table in front of a crowd of reporters answering questions.

Reporter: Mr. Collins let's say we were in space on a space walk and I tried pull your helmet off, will you die?

Michael Collins: It would be extremely painful

Reporter: You're a Fighter Pilot

Michael Collins: For You.
That not what the textbooks say,Cooper.
Ah, you're probably right. But just imagine what they must be doing in that studio imagining what a man on the moon must look like. I bet they have him sink a foot into the cheese surface.
/r/conspiracy is leaking.
I wonder who plays Stanley Kubrick.
From the Earth to the Moon miniseries did not even talk about this landing, they focused on the wives of the Apollo astronauts for that episode. That is cool and all but I don't think we've ever had a Neill Armstrong film/episode ever.
I could kiss you.
I think it’s that even though you yourself may have clicked on the video with the purpose of watching it, that same video can also be used as an ad to play before other vids and what is shown in the first 5 seconds is what’s shown on the ad before the “Skip Now” button pops up.
Would be kinda funny if they swapped roles this time, Jenkins winning for directing and First Man best picture.
Consistently? He’s made two movies, that’s not really a pattern
I mean I appreciate the sentiment but Villenueve has put out a movie every year since '13, most of which are considered to be pretty damn good. Even if he does take longer with Dune the dude deserves it at this point
To be fair Villeneuve made an amazing movie every year for the past five years, he's earned a break
That’s not true. Nolan’s been averaging 2-year breaks for a while now.
“well shit”- Damien, somewhere 
Make it 90%.
October Sky made me say "Gyllenhaal is gonna be one of the all time great actors" I still think he should've got an Oscar nom for Nightcrawler if not won Best Actor outright. That movie is both underrated and one of the biggest Academy Awards snubs of all time.
Rich Purnell is also a steely eyed missile man. 
Mike Collins said that Neil was the slowest, and best decision maker he knew. And pointed out that Neil believed he had 20 seconds of fuel remaining when he landed on the moon.

edit: If you want something good to read between now and October, try Carrying the Fire by Michael Collins.
I've never felt like it dragged though... One of my favorites of all time. 
There was a demon that lived in the air. They said whoever challenged him would die. Their controls would freeze up, their planes would buffet wildly, and they would disintegrate. The demon lived at Mach 1 on the meter, seven hundred and fifty miles an hour, where the air could no longer move out of the way. He lived behind a barrier through which they said no man could ever pass. They called it the sound barrier.
Loan me some will ya, I'll pay you back later.
We know.
*cough* *cough* theory of everything
The time line is going to be an issue. Events in the trailer are from the mid 50's to the end of the 60's. A lot of major events happened during this time. A 2hr movie will be a poor rush job. Just look at "The Right Stuff" and how long that movie is.(3h 13min) It only covered original Mercury 7.
Electronic music seems like it'd be cool for this tbh
No argument there. He’s just young and, as is common for us young folk, it can be hard to keep our heads on modest shoulders. Which can, and often does, affect our work.
I hear the praise for Chazelle. I’m not trying to discredit his accomplishments which, as you say, are quite impressive but I just don’t think he’s got anything close to the understanding of cinema that his elders do. He isn’t reinventing the art of cinema like Orson Welles, but I feel like everyone is treating him as if he’s actively changing the way we see movies. He’s not.

He clearly understands jazz and marries it very well with cinema. He’s also a very kinetic filmmaker which lends itself well to this project, but I have little reason to believe his voice will be a cherished one in cinema history (outside of its connection to music history) based on his two efforts thus far.

I’ve loved both Whiplash and La La Land, and I’m excited for his future; all I’m saying is two strong films doesn’t a revolutionary make.
It's simple. We blow up the moon.
https://youtu.be/HlbYOKSSaIE
The funny thing is that that line has nothing to do with the plot of Solo.
i still fall for it

seriously every time a beloved franchise makes a movie and they go "screw it, this one is a heist flick"

i get so hard
What? You found a joirnal by a wookiee named Chewie? Yeah, I left that for you to leave your thought before our next mission. 
No, I'm not Chewbacca. I'm Chewbacca's twin brother, Brewbacca. I taught Chewbacca everything he knew about smuggling. I want to fulfill his legacy by taking his place on your heist team. You must be Han. Chewbacca told me all about you. I feel like I know all of you guys! So we won't have that awkward "get to know eachother" stage. And if I could just ask one favor: if it wouldn't be too uncomfortable, I was hoping maybe you guys could call me Chewbacca, in honor of him.


https://youtu.be/-f_DPrSEOEo
I love Futurama references. 
Buzz is actually a black woman (not taking any risk of critics saying it lacks diversity)
Pow right in the kisser!
Yet all the conspiracy theorists would feel totally validated and tell everyone how this is secretly the government's admittance that it was all fake.
Or Tom Hanks
There's gotta be some kind of "mental tests" they put astronauts through to prepare for that. Would be interested to find out.
Don't worry, travel to space is quick. 

From Launchpad to orbit takes less time than from gate to takeoff on most airports... (though orbit alignment & docking can take ages).
[uh huh](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/008/910/IF0yE_copy.jpg)
You look exactly like 2 guys I'd expect to be installing LED's inside an old soviet spaceship part.
Soyuz is still famously shoulder-to-shoulder even with the staggered seating in the return capsule/launch section.  It was a trade-off the original engineers made anticipating that they could add a disposable portion purely for use in microgravity, but I don't know how much they really use that section these days for trips to the ISS.
Damn that looks cramped as hell alright. Was it supposed to be a 3 man pod? I'd feel super claustrophobic even by myself in there... 
Ill have to check that one out. I was given a copy of another book in the early 2000s, it's a small paper back called *All We Did Was Fly to The Moon.* It has pictures and mission details from Alan Shepards Friendship 7 Mercury flight to Apollo 17 to the Skylab flights. It covers all of them in detail.

We Came in Peace is amazing too. I love the artwork in the book. My dad got a copy when he was a kid in 1970. I still have his copy on my shelf.
Couldn't agree more. The music was a dark & scary alien cut.  When I think of man's accomplishments to conquer space flight you think uplifting, heroic, feel good. I hope it's just the marketing, because if this is the tone of the film, this is going to bomb. Is like somebody cut the film "The right stuff" to the alien soundtrack. Hollywood marketing gimmicks...ugh
Do you think it's going to be a good movie?
I've never even heard of it.
That’s because the movie’s out now.  For the past few months that movie’s trailers have been inescapable though.
Stuck in the mirror
My favorite part is when Henry Cavill reloads his arms 
The helicopter acrobatics at the end, very real, very cool.
Sure it's good but at this point, I don't want to watch another film until that damn movie comes out so I don't have to watch that trailer for the 20th time. 
Funny how that works, right?  


"Hey, I made something you'll all love! Here's the link""  


FUCK YOU YOU SELFPROMOTING ASSHOLE!!!!  


"Hey, I made something you'll all love!"  


YOU JERK WHERE'S THE LINK?!
So sad... Podcasts especially BARELY make money so self promotion  is the only way to go. Reddit is a great place for that. I totally approve of people promoting their work here... Its hard as fuck to get noticed. I'm totally supportive!
[here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ3oX98ng8U)
The Old Man and the Gun looks interesting.
Someone told me about this movie and I thought meh, but then I saw that trailer, I am ready for this movie and hope it delivers.
The DoP for this also did Atonement, Anna Karenina and the Nosedive episode from Black Mirror (the one with Bryce Dallas Howard).
I didn't see anything in the trailer that wasn't historically accurate. 
70mm imax cameras?  Or the imax and arri camera
I think he did and he didn't. But he has definitely slowed down since winning the Oscar. The Revenant was in 2015 and his next film isn't until next year. 
I mean, i don't know what he's said publicly about it- but I imagine it was to some extent a major goal he was reaching towards. Actors care about awards. He had a period where he was pumping a lot of ostensibly "oscar bait" movies out- at one point filming three big movies back to back to back, with generally at least one major role per year from 2008-2015.

Since 2015 (When the Revenant came out), he hasn't had any movies come out and I don't believe he's even filmed anything (though he has future stuff in development). You could say he's just taking a break after a period where he was filming a lot, but you could say the reason he pushed himself a lot for a while was he was going after the oscar
Yes. He was gifted Brando's Oscar and it is one of his most prized possessions. DiCaprio saw it as legitimizing himself as great or something like that.
What’d be funny is if the trailer is just misdirection and it turns out to be a fake moon landing story.
What'd he say?
Yeah, it's definitely this.
Or you can upload that separately as an unlisted video instead of annoying the shit out of your target audience.
Yeah wouldn't mind it , provided that both movies are as great as we are expecting
I highly doubt that will happen. The 7 most recent Best Director winners have all won for efforts that involved more technical flair than what Jenkins’s style of filmmaking usually involves.
That’s not quite my tempo
[deleted]
Not even a break, he's just working hard on developing his next gigantic film project.
Nightcrawler was so good that I still think Jake is creepy as fuck. Every film I see him in now, I automatically assume he's a creepy dude until I get a sense for his character.
John Aaron was the OG steely eyed missile man
The scene where LBJ wants to talk John Glenn's wife, then proceeds to go nuts in his car is just awesome
Darkest Hour, The Iron Lady, The Imitation Game...
At least that had a phenomenal score to go with it
Am I the only one that liked the movie despite it's awards baity tone
This was actually a lot of the problem Hidden Figures had when it came to representing the people on screen.  Many of the actual segregation elements took place in the decades before when NASA was still NACA, and the [timeline was quite compressed](https://www.cnet.com/news/hidden-figures-nasa-true-stories-octavia-spencer-janelle-monae-taraji-henson-kevin-costner/) as well as kinda oddly making the wrong character the one who had to run to the bathroom.  It was Vaughan who had to run between campuses, and all that ended no later than 1958, while the movie opens in 1961.

A lot of those changes were kinda necessary, it'd be hard to really spread out events in a film the same way they were in reality.  That's better left to in depth documentary if you want to capture it on screen.

The space race honestly is pretty boring without *some* dramatic flair.  Apollo 13 would have been a lot more boring if Tom Hanks were doing an accurate representation of the [real conversations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJ3Q3kL7jcA&t=281s) between the crew and Houston on the flight.
I could see them doing this as a central timeline (the pre-launch press conference and the mission itself) with scenes branching off showing everything that led up to the launch. 
Have you *seen* Zodiac?
And I'm not saying that either. Because it's not. But I just wanted to point out that he's accomplished a little bit more than making two really good movies in a row like you said in your first post.

Not saying it's the best directorial debut of all time, but I can't think of any other director from this century that has done what he has in that short period of time, in terms of being acknowledged by the critics, the awards and especially the audience with the types of genres and themes he's chosen. Obviously we have to wait and see if his movies can stand the test of time, but you can color me shocked if not at least one of them will be considered a classic and a masterpiece in 30 years time.
Calm down, Piccolo. 
It's simple.  We kill the moon... man.

*Cue "Goodbye Moonman"*
He a) Sounds like a Zach Galifinakis character, and b) deserved that.
It’s always satisfying watching that clip. No matter what Bart Seibel comes up with, he’ll always be the guy who got punched out by Buzz Aldrin. 
I just saw the film today, and I did find it kind of amusing that the big line from the trailer isn't about the plot of the movie at all. It's still super important to the lore of Han Solo, though.
https://www.theonion.com/july-21-1969-1819587599
"Based on a true story".
Wow, I had no idea the first astronauts were so fat.
[deleted]
That is the case. Alongside physical aptitude tests, there's multiple batteries of mental tests to make sure that the astronauts are emotionally capable of spaceflight and living on the ISS. Gone are the days of the fighter pilot *Right Stuff* jockey. Modern astronauts are calm, stable scientists.
There's a ton of testing. Scott Kelly's book Endurance is very interesting. American astronauts have to pass Russian tests because they ride the Soyuz (currently). They put a heart monitor on him, put him into a rubber bag, and shoved him in a closet without saying how long it will be. He took a nap.
If you're curious about the astronaut hiring process, I can't recommend Chris Hadfield's An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth enough. It's got great stories and is written in a very entertaining manner. 
Probably involves being buried in a coffin for a week.
[deleted]
They use it. Depending on various factors, the trip to the ISS lasts between 6 hours and 2 days. 

The toilet is in that common room section. 

That said, it's a sphere about 2.5 metres wide, so it's not exactly roomy - but it's bigger than the crew capsule, and floating freely in there is an alternative to the foetal-position seats of the crew capsule. 
It was designed for three.  Several of the missions during the 1960s though flew with only one or two crew members.  Early flights were pretty rough.  Soyuz 1 and Soyuz 11 resulted in crew deaths unfortunately.
I do. Damien was super passionate about it, and Linus (DP) is incredible. They made decisions based on how it would tell the story vs how it will win an Oscar. We used old film, a lot of different cameras, and authentic props and set pieces. It was difficult,but I think it's going to be incredible.
Same. I was thinking about Googling it but now I feel lucky and don’t want to ruin the feeling. 
I've been to Infinity War, Solo and Deadpool and haven't seen a single Adrift trailer. I'm in the UK though.
I saw dead pool 2 opening night and didn’t see a single trailer for Adrift. Never even heard of the movie. 
I saw “Action Park” on Sunday with Adrift playing in the same movie theater. Guess which ad I saw for the umpteenth time?  MFing”Adrift”. I’m now boycotting it and MI on pure principle. Also, I have a theory that the more ads I see for a movie, the more the studio is worried about it and it will thus suck. Exceptions include anything by Disney or its subsidiaries. 
Fuck. [YES!](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/VAWK039) 
I get shivers every time. It's so goddamn threatening.
It makes me moister than an oyster when he does that.
I’m gonna do that every time I dry my hands
Just got out of **Upgrade**, where reloading arms was a thing.
To link or not to link, that is the game.
The trick is to make an alt and post it as a reply to your own comment
Wow that looks terrible
Dumbass this aint the trailer this has been out for a while now
Hey thanks for that... Which one would you wanna see first?
The biggest flaw I caught in the trailer was the voiceover "go at throttle up" which was taken from the 1986 Challenger mission (a moment before the shuttle was destroyed, sadly).

Watching the trailer a couple more times I think the film will be excellent, it's just somewhat amusing how they're trying to amp everything up in the trailer.  As if going to the Moon wasn't exciting enough!
He was never the same after he fucked that bison.
What is his next film?
Oh I would *love* that 
Is he rushing or is he dragging? 
Chazelle has already proven himself a better director than Duncan Jones.
[deleted]
[IMHO Yeager's Triumph is one of the most magnificent pieces of film music ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd6JBSLPstg)
And the scene where he calms down his hysterical wife is also nice. 
> Darkest Hour

I quite liked Darkest Hour. But I see your point. 
To be fair, so few people even know who Turing is that I'll take a mediocre biopic about him over nothing. Also, Mark Strong.
It's great to see how the progression of the disease affected the family, it definitely has its merits.

Still very oscar baity, even though Redmayne is great.
Nah I just finally got around to watching it recently and really liked it, it somehow feels a bit more sombre since his passing. 
The sad thing is, that probably actually happens.
That's actually a great idea, does it work? Just spit everything they say back at them haha
A tiny part of me wants to clone a whole squadron of Buzz Aldrins and release them on NASA.  I wonder what would happen....
>They made decisions based on how it would tell the story vs how it will win an Oscar. 

Could you expand on that at all? Is there things that they decided to do that would be considered Oscar bait or vice-versa?
2 people don't check the weather and go out to sea.  Now you are all caught up.  /r/Whatcouldgowrong 
I gotta switch topics with you.     
    
 How was Action ~~Park~~^^Point ? I heard about it a while ago, but didn't see any trailers or even know that it's out right now, but I kinda wanna see it.
I need the sound effects that shit is baller
I think if I saw him in that bathroom do that I would shit.  I guess that's appropriate there though...
That first hit had such a huge windup and its so fucking satisfying to see it connect. 
Funny thing is he feels more threatening in that one trailer shot then he ever does as superman lol
Oh god that movie was so stupid, but the first kill was absolutely insane. 
Zelda is the game, Link is the hero. 
IDK I grew up on the first one. This has a strong 80s vibe. It's not exactly like the first one was a masterpiece of storytelling. It was just a slasher movie with body builders instead of teenage girls and an alien instead of like Michael Meyers
Eh. Plot is generic, but the action looks promising. I have faith in Shane Black.
I trust Shane Black.
[This](https://youtu.be/mAUj2W5F2VY) is the trailer
Tarantino's next film Once Upon A Time In Hollywood. 
Yup, corny but true love
>But I see your point.

Sir, please put down the spear.
>I quite liked Darkest Hour. But I see your point. 

On r/movies?! And you're not shitting on Oldman's performance being hammy or over-the-top or how Chalamet should've won?! In r/movies?!?! Oh God it's like a unicorn seeing another unicorn
And Charles Dance!
You're just paid by the government to sow doubt, disinformation, and disorder in society so that foreign governments can install puppets in the federal government.
you actually have to go over the top

"the government faked the moon landing"

"pfft, this gullible motherfucker thinks the moon is real"
The testicular density would be so massive as to collapse into a black home and destroy the planet. Please clone responsibly.
Maybe avoiding oversentimentality and cliches? 
Never heard of it.
Oooh that one. Yeah every time I see a trailer with that actress leading I assume it's some young adult novel made into a movie bullshit and ignore it.
Can't fight the victim!
one of my favorite movie techniques and it's relatively easy to replicate at a smaller scale: just remove 1-2 of the frames between the swing and the punch and suddenly that things flying like a rocket
The sound effects are so satisfying too!
I see this being thrown around a lot, and I have to wonder if people just didn't watch Man of Steel, or if they were too caught up in the ending to look at everything else.

Hell even in Justice League against Flash he was ridiculously threatening.
I thoroughly enjoyed it
Predator was not a slasher it was a jungle suspense 80s muscle bro action movie.

It was very thrilling and it was filled with testosterone and an incredible cinematography.
Shit, what happened to the movie he was supposed to star in about H. H. Holmes that Scorsese was going to make?
> The testicular density would be so massive as to collapse into a **black home** and destroy the planet. Please clone responsibly.

Great. As if race relations weren’t already tense enough in this country. 
Didn't Family Guy of all things pioneer the technique?
"Da fuq these balls doin' in my house, bruh?"
