I expected worse to be honest. I like the cast and it actually seems to be funny. My massive crush on Rachel McAdams may have contributed to that.
David Fincher's *The Game,* except it's a comedy. I'm in.
I'm glad Rachel McAdams gets to play something other than the killjoy girlfriend in this one. She's very funny. 
Okay, I really liked this trailer and thought it was funny. But I fear that they just used all of their good jokes in it. 
Looks good. Jason Bateman is typically so funny in these type of films (this one has got a Horrible Bosses feel). Best thing now is to avoid any more trailers or promos. 
Mah boy Winston on the big screen!
Expectations were low, but that trailer makes it look like a genuinely funny flick.  
  
More 'Horrible Bosses' than 'Date Night' 
Huh, that’s two Friday Night Lights Actors
WHAT IS GAME NIGHT!!!?
[deleted]
Reminds me a bit of The Man Who Knew Too Little with Bill Murray which I recommend seeing if you haven't. 
Nice to see Kyle Chandler wild out a little bit from his usual authority figure roles. He did pretty good in an against-type role in The Spectacular Now.
Sorry, I have to:

 Rachel McAdams' ass. Unbelievable.
Jesus Christ, that's Meth Damon!
This looks like a return to the classic comedy movies of the late '80s, like ["Men at Work".] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByUyXPA8SOA) I would love it if movies like those came back, and where really good.
Funny set up. That danger is it becomes a bit one-note.
I liked the Murder on the Orient Express poster at 0:54
I lost it at the bit at the end. Bateman is just too good at exaggerating reactions.
This looks pretty funny.  I'll see it.  But it'll probably be one of those "oh that came out last weekend?  Lets go see it next weekend" situations.
The thumbnail doesn't look like a comedy 
I wish they hadn't put the airplane joke in the trailer. That's one of those ones that would had the theatre rolling
What is Game Night? 
Reminds me of "The Man Who Knew Too Little" which is a severely underrated movie. 
Someone who has seen this already please tell me the trailer didn't spoil all the good bits
Ooh, it's been a while since we've had a good farce! Funny trailer, decent idea. Can't wait to watch on Netflix!
Whoa comedy movie HD? My favorite.
The man who know too little 1997

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W2bMmtNRpI8
This looks hilarious
It was quite entertaining that, tbqh. Was surprised how creative it was.

And Rachel McAdams is gorgeous.
Anybody know what song that is
That...wasn't bad.  But I am worried that they used all the good jokes.  Hopefully not
I laugh so it makes me want to see it.
Oh no he died!
Just by watching this trailer I already want my money back.
OK. Roger that, you drive safe.
 a classic 'wait for it to come out on video' movie 



Right there with you. Rachel McAdams is great. Ive never heard anybody say anything bad about her. In the current climate of Hollywood it is nice to have favourites who are not guilty of anything.
"Yesss...ohh he died :("

I'll probably see this movie even though that scene pretty much gave you the ending and also [ripped off Firefly](https://youtu.be/NPRlHwwVIug)
What. The Game *wasn't* a comedy?
Reindeer games minus the reindeer 
hey i liked her in Sherlock Holmes
 About Time
Or the love interest of a time traveler. That's happened 3 times now. 
> Rachel McAdams

She was great in True Detective.
She’s in the first season of a fantastic Canadian show called Slings and Arrows. 
Passion (2012) for the plot
It kind of reminds me of The Man Who Knew Too Little with Bill Murray
was just going to say the same.. better than i expected but feel like i just saw all the best parts.
Plus the entire film was just sort of laid out for you.
I stopped when they said there is a twist, and the trailer was only 50% of the way done..
Maybe because it's written by the guys who wrote horrible bosses. They also wrote Spider-Man homecoming 
Winnie the Bish? Is this one of his famous mess arounds?
Are you maybe confusing Sharon Horgan and Connie Britton?
*Wot
It is! Meth Damon making it big time!
That movie is so underrated.
Great call.
Heard she was a bitch in high school though. 
Firefly didn't invent living things getting sucked into plane engines. Birds did. :(
I forgot how young they look back then. 
"There goes $2000"

"Your shoes cost $2000"

"...that one did"

Fuckin gold.


Wedding Crashers  

Midnight In Paris
She was alright in that movie, but I feel like she almost got relegated to supporting character halfway through.

The movie really centered around Tim and his Dad by the end.

I still like it a lot though.
4 times. The Time Traveller's Wife, Midnight in Paris, About Time, Doctor Strange.
Came here to say this. Actually came to say its like a funny version of The Game with Michael Douglas then rembered thats allready been done now I want to watch both those movies.
I don’t think this was a movie that relied on keeping the plot hidden. 
I mean, I don't think that's the twist. It's basically the pitch. 
Excellent. Maybe Jason will actually be drag racing in a Prius.
No Cece though so not a classic Cece-Winston mess around :(
Jesse Plemons and Kyle Chandler
[Meeeeeth Daaaamon](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/meth-damon.jpg)
Stop trying to make bitch happen. It's not going to happen.
Now she's a time traveler magnet.
Dastardly birds and their evil inventions
Wait she was totally the killjoy in Midnight in Paris was she not?
Still better than her role in Doctor Strange
> The Game

I lost
Meth Damon!
Ooooh
.-. but it already happened. My school says it all the time.

to me .-.
Actually, you're right.
[deleted]
also meat damon (Fargo)
Exactly.
