[deleted]
Is it me or does this look cheaper that the first one? This feels like a Disney original.
Oof, this looks like a direct to DVD sequel.

The first one was cute, but without Jack Black a lot of the appeal is lost here, not to mention it looks like a rehash of the first as well
"we have so many books and stories to tell, what story should we tell from them?"

"Ignore all of that, just take all the monsters from all the books and just make young kids run away from all of them for 2 hours with little gags and shit. Nobody cares."
The first movie was a pleasant surprise, and it was a lot of fun. I hope the sequel can match it.

I thought Black was great in the film, especially as Slappy. If Hamill is truly done with the Joker in animated versions, I would totally be happy to hear Jack Black do the Joker after hearing him in Goosebumps. 
There is a fucking blue sky beam! 
Ben needs to stop going into these creepy houses 
So... this is just the first one, set during Halloween apparently?
That was the most poorly scored trailer I’ve ever seen. 
Man did they did a great job making Donald Glover and Jonah Hill look young.

Anyone else surprised to read there were only 62 goosebumps books? I thought there was at least a hundred.
Damn that haunted house and the characters really seem similar to some scenes from *It*.
Jeremy Ray Taylor is already looking noticeably older and they JUST started shooting *It: Chapter Two*.  
Is the first film any good?   It looked far to cute from the trailers to really have any goosebumps feel.    The original series seemed more scary than fun.

They even made Slappy look less menacing. 
>blue laser shooting into the sky

OH BOY HERE WE GO
A couple other Redditors and I tried to start r/RLStineGoosebumps a while back but it never gained any traction. Check it out if you're interested! Subscribe, make a post, or message me if you wanna be a mod!
Wheres Jack Black? 
skelly boi
This movie was a lot of fun to work on...and I think the next trailer will do it more justice.  This trailer was just not up to par with what I know this movie will be like.  Just looking at what was shown in the trailer, it's missing a ton of filming locations, which tells me they just threw this one together while we were still working.
The lack of Jack Black in this trailer makes me less interested as he was by far the best bit in a very fun first movie. I'm not feeling this one, it looks a bit plain and I hope trailer 2 can sway me more. 
Isn't this just the same story as the first film but instead of all the books its just making sure all the monsters get put back into the one book?
The first film was fun, this one looks pretty meh. Still hope it’s good though.
I’m getting a very strong straight to Disney Channel vibe.
[Official poster](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DhyeOmJUcAAFNUY.jpg)

I thought the first movie is going to be a cheap cash grab adaptation but The first movie was surprisingly pretty decent. Hopefully, it is the same for this movie.
Those witches look rad!
If Netflix wanted to remake the Goosebumps TV series with better effects and child actors that took place in the 90s, I would watch the shit out of it.
This is such a horrible trailer. A countdown. A recap of the first film. That stupid shutter effect. Why couldn't Letterman make this one? This looks awful.
this looks bad
What the hell no Jack Black??? 
This looks terrible. Are they aware the first movie exists? 
That's some 2007 tier cgi
Donald Glover is in everything now
That dummy is just the worst! 
Is the original cast gonna be in this? 
Really loved the first movie and Loved the series (Books and TV show as a kid) so am definitely looking forward to this. Was hoping Jack Black would be back as RL Stine as he was a major part of why I loved the first film but either way, hoping this is good.
Eesh this looks like a rehash of the first. Idc if Jack Black is back for Slappy (ok some). But I wanted him back for Stine since that was the best part of the first. Gonna give a skip for now until I can get confirmation about him appearing or not 
As bad as this looks, I like that the trailer used of the Danny Elfman theme from the first one. When the first movie came out, I was glad to see the composer still making his recognizable themes. [Go back and listen to it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BK0dNiIRTM), it’s super fun.
The only good thing I'm expecting is Ari Sandel's direction since "The DUFF" surprised me how well the comedic chemistry between the cast. He also directed the Oscar-winning short, West Bank Story.
I really enjoyed the first film, but this looks exactly like it. They have so much material. They couldn't branch out more? New villains?
They just started filming this in March, so that is why it looks kinda cheap. Definitely weren't taking their time and it shows, I guess that's what happens when trying to rush it.
Is Jack Black not in this one?
I really hope the mud men make an appearance in this one!
When this was called Horrorland, I thought it was going to be about One Day in Horrorland, which was my favorite of the books (ok, possibly Attack of the Mutant) as well. But now I’m sort of disappointed. Maybe it will be good; the first one surprised me, after all.
dont really like the movie 
This looks awesome! i loved the first film and this sequel looks just as good/fun! it's also great to see Jeremy Ray Taylor (Ben from 2017's IT) co-starring in the film!!


sometimes you just want to turn your brain off and have some dumb fun, that's basically what these movies are, not a big deal but entertaining regardless
Thought the last one was going to be awful but it turned out ok. This could go either way.
I really enjoyed the first one. It was a great tribute to the books and to horror movies in general. There's references to Gremlins, Nightmare on Elm Street, The Shining, it was just a whole lotta fun.

I kinda wish they would adapt the books themselves into feature length movies. I've actually gone back and reread the series as an adult, and they read like fun B-movies. I even got my 8 year old niece some paperbacks and she loves them. Say what you will about how stupid the story ideas were, they were dumb in the best ways. 

You could totally make a shared universe anthology series out of them and have plenty to work with. Imagine there are Goosebumps books hidden around the world. In a tomb in the pyramids, in a scientists basement, at a summer camp, etc. Kids find the Goosebumps book, unlock it, and have to live through the story itself.

This one... I'm a little cautious about, it's a new cast, but it looks a lot like the first. It's not the direction I'd have liked it to go in, but I'll wait to see more. Hopefully Black comes back as Stein.
Looks like the original cast is not it it in which case, looks stupid. 
oh thank god, i thought it said Ghostsbusters 2
#r/Goosebumps

For anything and everything related to the movies, tv show, books, merchandise, and general discussion.
Anyone else feel that gummi bears gag at the end was just a rehash of the rabbit joke from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail?"
Wait, they made a Goosebumps 1?
Is anyone else tired of Sony butchering films? Leave the family movies to Pixar and stick with your Playstations. Christ.
Are the kids returning for It: Chapter 2? They will all have hit puberty pretty hard at this point. I think it's fine if they flashback to show them growing up post-Pennywise, but I don't think it could work to flashback to events during Chapter 1 that were not shown in the first film.
The first film did not make a ton of profit- but it was profitable. So I imagine the budget is quite a bit lower for this film, especially with the lack of any returning cast from the first (which would all have had to receive pay raises if they were in this, especially Jack Black).
Yes. This one looks like it was made for maybe a quarter of the budget. 
So you're saying its going to be as good as Halloweentown?! I'm in
Principal photography for it began March 7th of this year. I feel bad for the animation teams busting their asses to get it ready for October.
Jack Black will be back
imo the first GOOSEBUMPS was very good in spite of Jack Black's being it, not because of him being in it. 
that being, Black was pretty good in the movie (as well as JUMANJI). 
It's not like kids now give a shit about the books, so they have to do something to draw them in. Besides, the originals aren't exactly masterworks either. 
Ya this really bugs me. The first one wasn't a bad kids Halloween movie bit it was a bad Goosebumps movie. 

Do kids even care about Goosebumps anymore? I wish they would have just rebooted the series and had it grow up with it's audience, like a modern Tales from the Crypt. 
I've never thought about that, and that's a really good idea. He could pull off a pretty good animated joker.
I CLAPPED WHEN I SAW IT
a **HAUNTED** halloween 
How to train your dragon 3 had a poor song choice also
There are 62 in the original series. But there’s also Give Yourself Goosebumps, Goosebumps Series 2000, Goosebumps Horrorland, and more, which brings the count to 231.
Yet apparently there's gonna be hardly any references to any of them!
The look wasn't too far off, especially with what they can do with make up it could be easy to overlook. But his voice is very different, I hope they have flashback scenes to them growing up not just right after it ends.

Aren't they supposed to be adults by chapter two?
It's a pretty fun movie, oddly enough. I don't think the trailers did the film justice. Especially the jokes.
It was a lot of fun if you ask me.  If you are familiar with the books it's great to see a lot of the monsters show up.  The plot is simple enough but they inject heart and some light scares.  I'd recommend it if you're at all curious.
Is jack black in it
[deleted]
Hope you're right!  I really enjoyed the first, but this trailer just felt like too much if a rehash so far.
I'd also like more info if possible. Goosebumps has always been a huge part of my childhood, and I loved the first film. The new one isn't looking like it has the same charm.


No, I don’t think so. Maybe just Jack Black.
It’s literally the same setup with the gnomes from the first Goosebumps movie but with gummy bears.
Yeah, with Jack Black and Dylan Minnette
Jumanji was good. And Blade Runner. Baby Driver. The first Goosebumps.
I think they may have filmed a few extra scenes with the kids that weren't included in the first film. But they'll probably also show them growing up, since they need to establish how they slowly forgot about the events of that summer.
[deleted]
As Stein or just voicing Slappy? I was talking more about his physical presence in the film
I remember reading that there were 2 versions of the script: 1 with Stine back and the other without him completely, and that they went with the latter (probably to keep it cheaper). So I’m pretty sure he’s just doing the voice of the dummy and then maybe a cameo.
He's not in this one unfortunately
I remember reading something that said he’d be back. But he’s not on the cast list at all in IMDB, so it might be a small cameo 
I'm just surprised that the people making this movie thought of this concept after being asked to adapt Goosebumps. That's all.
I would be all for that. Or Twilight Zone too...
Well now I kind of want to see Jack Black play an overweight Joker.
Are they all written by R.L. Stine?
Yes, but flashbacks are happening.
Wait and see!
I worked on the first film as well...I think this one will hold it's own as far as charm goes.  Watching a film being made in front of your eyes is a far different experience than watching it completed up on the big screen...to be honest though, this one has some really awesome monsters I can't wait to see, and the story, at least in my opinion, seems very fun and maybe even a bit more monster-centric.
I guess it's an unpopular opinion but both the Jumanji remake and Goosebumps were bad. The original Jumanji was better by far, and id watch the old Goosebumps tv show any day over the mess of a movie they made. These movies are really bad about talking down to their audiences too, and they won't age well because of that.
Do you think you'd forget about something as traumatic as that if it happened to you? I'd have pstd holed up in a mental institution deathly afraid of monsters popping out of books!
Dylan Minnette is returning? I don't see any mention of him anywhere.
QKnightZ where are you getting this "Dylan Minnette and Jack Black are both returning for this movie" info.  as of now YOU are the only "source" claiming this. i hope it's true but i've not seen this anywhere else. 
u/QKnightZ are you the youtuber?
Everything is saying he's still portraying Stine, but maybe they're holding back his appearance in the trailers for some reason?  Beats me.
As RL Stein
he isn't even voicing Slappy in this one.
Not only did they opt to do it this way once...but twice. Instead of adapting one of the actual stories. 

I’d much rather have an adaptation of one of the original stories than a silly collage of all of the characters. 
I’m gonna make this cheeseburger disappear 
There a multiple that are written by other authors, but the main body of work is by Stine.
oh, makes sense
So no...
They forgot because IT manipulated the world around them to make them leave (apart from Mike), and made them forget to stop them from coming back.   

~30 years later, IT begins giving them back their memories so it can bring them back and kill them now that the innocence and naivety of childhood isn't enough to protect them. 
IMDb doesn't show him on the cast.  If he's in it, it's dumb marketing move to not show him in the trailer, he was the best part of the first one.
The plot will involve the kids trying to find him.  They'll end up finding him on a small island, and the move will end with one of the kids trying to hand him the book.
>Everything is saying he's still portraying Stine

Source?
Well that's good! Kinda weird that they've kept him out of the trailer and only had the new cast
Yes he is
Meh, an adaptation of one singular book would have to bear the name of that story, not Goosebumps itself which is where the name recognition is.

That being said for the sequel they could have gone with a better story than; the same thing but worse.
But the Island is Horrorland and in the after credits scene he tosses the book behind him and milks the game show host.
tbh I'd be down for a serious Goosebumps live action action-horror film with Jack Black as a weathered R L Stine turning his back on the fiction 
Everything
> milks the game show host.

KEEP GOING
LOL! :)
Then the fans of the books attack people in every thread about how the movie ruined their childhood.
