Michael in the closet is such a great gag. Gotta avoid all the other trailers after this. Also fuck yeah we'll get a new John Carpenter score.
There's something about Michael Myers just walking around a busy street of Trick or Treaters like it's nothing that is so badass and awesome to me.  
"Wasn't it her brother who murdered all those babysitters?"

"No. That was not her brother, that was something people made up"

As a fan. That made me laugh
Honestly... pretty good! The teeth over the bathroom stall, him keeping the closet door from closing at the end, it looks like McBride has made a genuine Halloween movie. Also, Laurie looks badass! That hidden stairway under the counter is awesome. 
Who in their right fucking mind thought giving Michael his mask back was a good idea?
DAMN Laurie Strode bout to go Sarah Connor on Michael Myer's ass
And you know what I love about this? It's actually getting released right before Halloween! Just wouldn't be right otherwise. 
> I was hoping he'd escape... so I can kill him.

OK, you've sold me, McBride.


Now to not watch another trailer till it's released.
"He's not her brother. That's just something people made up." LOL

What a way to say, "All the other movies are bullshit."
The Halloween theme is up there with the Jaws, Imperial Match and Jurassic Park themes in terms of how iconic it is. 
Halloween works so well because it simplified it's premise down to the marrow.  It's hard to recapture that kind of effect, but I'm totally down for this sequel.

The teeth bit is fantastic.
*silver shamrock theme intensifies* 
Bless Jamie Lee Curtis for continuing to do right by Laurie Strode, the original (and ultimate) Final Girl.

And if this movie kills her off and lets Michael live, I will be pissed.
The return of that sound effect when michael pops up out of nowhere sent my wig to mars. 
[deleted]
Jamie Lee Curtis as Sarah Connor as Laurie Strode
Great callbacks to the first one :

Laurie telling kids to run by the car identical to Loomis telling the kids to run

Killing the mechanic first

Soundtrack

Laurie's scar on her shoulder


"Bitch stop closing this god damn cupboard door on my foot"
CANT WAIT TO HEAR THAT THEME SONG IN THEATERS!! 
Jamie Lee Curtis taking absolutely no shit is my jam
"You don't believe in the Boogeyman, do you?"

Well, you know who you send to kill the fucking Boogeyman...
This looks pretty decent! Mask is on point 
Love that this film completely ignores all the sequels that took place after the 1978 original.
I'd be mad if this was just Laurie Strode pallet looping or Meyers just tunneling and camping for 2 hours. 
"From the director of Pineapple Express."
What are the odds Laurie visits Dr. Loomis' grave as an homage to Donald Pleasence?
Actually looks pretty decent so far. I haven't seen any of the movies other than the original Halloween but this looks like they are trying something fairly different to that in tone. And Laurie is going to be a badass, which will be fun to watch. Count me in!
Jamie Lee Curtis back in this franchise is a very welcome return.
That bathroom stall scene had a touch of Halloween H20 on it.  Great trailer though.
"Let's watch *Halloween*!"

"Which one?"

"The new one."

"The remake?"

"The sequel."

"*Halloween 2*? Nah, I hated all that hallucinating-his-mother shit."

"No, the sequel to the original."

"Oh! The one where you find out he's Laurie's brother?"

"No, the *newest* sequel!"

"...*Resurrection*? Christ, that was awful."

"No! There's a new film that's a sequel to the original film and retcons all the others."

"Oh, cool. What's it called?"

"*Halloween*."

"No, what's the sequel called?"

"*HALLOWEEN*."

"The sequel to *Halloween* is called *Halloween*?"

"Yes!"

"..."

"..."

"No."
Hoping they dont pull some weird twist where the documentary guy turns out to be the killer or something. Apparently they are redoing the ending due to poor testing. 
Great way to retcon the rest lol
[deleted]
Danny Mcbride is such a badass dude.

Also isn't Michael Myers from Halloween just a dude?

Like he doesn't have undead powers or anything?
The original is one of my all time favorites, hope this doesn't suck!
Looks great. 

As someone who has only seen the original and the Rob Zombie remake, is it worth watching the others? 
I'm excited for this. I can't put my finger on the reason why, but Michael Myers is just so much more terrifying to me than Freddy, Jason, Leatherface or any other horror movie slasher.
I just love the new mask so much. I hope we don't get another situation where we see his face without the mask.
I'm *very* interested in the other patients. Why do they freak out at the mask and what do they do with their freedom while Michael goes to kill Laurie? Also, what the hell are they doing in that yard? It's like they're chained to a checkerboard. I'm assuming this is a loophole for a prisoner's right to outdoor time?
From babysitter to grandmother.  What a crazy ride it's been! 
OOOH YEAH BABY. I hope this does well and they revive Jason too.
If they can get some competent directors, I wouldn't mind Universal trying the Dark Universe over again, but with 80's slasher characters. Jason, Freddy, Michael, Pinhead, Ghostface(s), Texas Chainsaw Massacre, etc. The original ending for Freddy Vs. Jason even had Pinhead appearing at the very end.

>A final ending considered but never shot saw Pinhead from the 'Hellraiser' franchise come to earth and take both Freddy and Jason to hell, saying, "what seems to be the problem, gentlemen?" as he takes possession of both Freddy's glove and Jason's mask. This would have obviously set up a very interesting future film to include all three, but due to the rights issues with the 'Hellraiser' franchise, this plan was scrapped.
This is the scariest activia commercial ever
[deleted]
Just what I was hoping for, more Carpenter, less Zombie.
Stoked. As. Fuck. 

Love the Halloween series. Kinda weird they’re disregarding EVERY other movie but I’m still excited. 
How has Bill Shatner never had a cameo in one of these?
That's a Halloween movie, alright
Amazing! This is definitely going to be the best portrayal of Laurie Strode that we've seen, love how fearless and determined she's going to be from beginning to end in this. The bathroom and closet kills look awesome and like they'll end up being super memorable within the franchise as a whole, I quite like the dropping of the teeth haha. And from a directional standpoint I'm also very impressed. Clearly very well directed with more of a budget than most Blumhouse movies get which I'm very happy about because this needed to be big. 
Closet scare scene at the end looked so cool and different. No build up music, slow evolution, just so random for the girl to open the door and he's just standing there. Three kids in the room. Damn my body is ready
So is this Halloween 2 then? Because it says he was locked up for 40 years.
I love that Laurie has become Loomis 2.0, training to kill Michael in case he returns. I hope she gets to finally do it. 
Damn, I'm cautiously optimistic after this. The retcons, Curtis being a badass and just all around seems to have the atmosphere Halloween should have.
Dude, why would you show him the mask!? 

Also, that theme tune is still as shit scary as it used to be 
I will definitely be seeing this in the theater at a comfortable 2 pm showing. 
Ya know, I just realized something: now that the story erases Michael and Laurie being related, Michael's motivations for going after her all these years later is that he still holds a grudge against Laurie's friend insulting his driving. 
The music is just as spooky as it was the first time I heard it! 
Looks like they're still using shatner mask which is cool
When that music hits... Every hair on my body collectively stands on end. 
Those overhead shots of the prison yard look great
Oh god I used to jerk off to that woman in True Lies.  My sexual awakening....  Fuck I'm getting old.
So these are the different ways the series can be watched.

ORIGINAL SERIES TIMELINE

* 1978 Halloween

* 1981 Halloween II

* 1988 Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers

* 1989 Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers

* 1995 Halloween 6: The Curse of Michael Myers

THE 20 YEARS LATER TIMELINE

* 1978 Halloween

* 1981 Halloween II

* 1998 Halloween: 20 Years Later

* 2002 Halloween: Resurrection

THE 40 YEARS LATER TIMELINE

* 1978 Halloween

* **2018 Halloween**

ROB ZOMBIE TIMELINE

* 2007 Halloween

* 2009 Halloween II

SOMETHING ELSE ENTIRELY

* 1982 Halloween III: Season of the Witch

As someone who's never seen a Halloween movie, how should I start? 

The trailer kinda confused me cause I always assumed he was some supernatural monster, like Jason. But this makes him look like a normal human.
The original is my favorite horror film of all time. This trailer is great, please dont suck!
The biggest horror movie of the year is going to be a 60 year old woman with a gun versus a 71 year old man with a knife and I can't wait
I swear, if they dont let laurie either kill him or at the least take him down with her then i will be very. very. dissapointed.
Laurie Strode goes full Sarah Connor. 
Jamie Lee Curtis is the QUEEN!! BOW DOWN BITCHES!!! I can’t wait to see this!!! 
I knew he was in the closet, but I still jumped
I hate that they used it in the trailer though. I assume they had it set up better. Playing it in the trailer makes it very obvious Michael is right there. I wonder if I would have expected it in the movie itself. 
I was so psyched when I found [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZDiOzoq2Uc)
And michael's just standing there like "ow.....ow.....ow.....bitch just open the door!"
He’s just trying to get that candy man 
That's the best part! It's Halloween so he can just walk around and blend in.
As someone who loves horror movies, it is my shame to admit I’ve never seen any Halloween movies. What previous ones should I see before watching this one?
My neighbors make a Michael Myers figure every year on halloween in their front yard and it looks so legit I would never go to their house as a kid lmao
"Isn't he immortal through the curse of the thorn?"  

"...leave."
Michael is so much more terrifying when you know theyre not related. Like he went on a killing spree and wanted to kill Laurie just because he saw her on the doorstep and decided "im going to kill her"

edit: Because people seem to be confused by this, in the original Halloween film you didnt know Michael was related to Lauire, that wasnt revealed until Halloween 2. So in the original, Michael is just protrayed as a psycho killing random people. 
Me too. The thing is, though, John Carpenter and Debra Hill wrote that twist in HII.
I have never watched any of the movies, can you explain the joke plz
FWIW, I liked that they were related.

Some of the later sequels got silly with the story, but if you're going to focus this semi-reboot on two characters, why is it a bad thing to have them related?
I never doubted David Gordon Green and Danny McBride could not make a horror movie, DGG is just all around great director who can hop from genre to genre and Vice Principals got pretty damn dark. There was even pretty much a jump scare in season 2 that was seriously creepy.
This trailer somehow exceeded my already high expectations for this film. 
That’s almost on par with giving Jason his machete back in Jason X
AND apparently moving Michael to a different prison? NEAR HALLOWEEN TIME. Move his ass around Valentine's Day for fuck sake. 
A documentarian that desperately wants to get compelling footage. 
I don't disagree that sounds dumb but what I got from the trailer is that Michael escapes from prison, kills the documentary crew at a rest stop and takes a jump suit from a mechanic and the mask from the director. I don't think the director actually gives him back the mask while he's in the mental hospital but he just awakens Michael's primal, evil urges. 
To be fair, it doesn't look like they give it back. It looks like they try to get this otherwise silent inmate to react. It's not a terribly uncommon interview tactic. It's only after they meet up at the gas station that Michael takes the mask back. 
Reporter : Yo Crazy guy!  Heres your face and your machete.  Now lets talk about your mother issues. 
The guy clearly has an obesession with Michael and will help him kill other people etc
I don’t think he was giving it back, but attempting to get a reaction from him by showing to Michael. It looks like he retrieves it at the gas station. Which means he wanted that mother fucker bad
Jamie Lee Curtis is looking like a badass in this. She's still got it 
Really liking this twist on things. 
Someone's been eating their Activia pro-biotic poop good yogurt they endorse. 
Yeah the Rob Zombie Halloweens being released in August always bugged me.
It's Halloween; everyone's entitled to one good scare.
I hope they keep her alive in the movie as the final girl again and not switch it part way to a younger actress to get revenge for killing her. Let them fight and let that fight have some back history to it
If it bleeds, we can kill it.
Agreed.  This one did the job of convincing me I needed to see it.  Don't need to risk any further shots being spoiled.
"He's not her brother. Her daughter isn't a mute psychic. There's no cult devoted to him. She didn't move across the country. They never made a reality show about his old house. He wasn't a mask-obsessed redneck. Also, and this is completely unrelated, a futuristic coven of witches never made masks that exploded if kids watched a certain Halloween special."
To be fair, the first film never stated they were siblings. So I don’t know if the characters are incorrect in the actual film or if the film is indeed trying to retcon what the part 2 did. 
Good. The original deserved better than it did and it looks like we're finally getting someone competent directing.
It's so fucking simple yet so menacing. It really makes you feel uneasy.
Right?? Carpenter was a genius for coming up with that theme.

The trailer got me thinking of Trent Reznor's version at this part of the song: https://youtu.be/DAbDvqPFXvQ?t=378
How could ya forget Indie??
Yeah I have never watched a Halloween movies and really don't watch horror movies at all... but I got goosebumps from hearing that theme... that I didn't even know was the Halloween theme... but it is definitely an iconic movie theme...

theme theme theme.
The soundtrack for Halloween 3 is highly underrated.

[This track in particular](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsHMnWAjICs&list=PL6E1FC8A1B4F1F681) is my favorite, it's really worth listening to the whole thing.

That 80s horror synth sound is just incredible, it's so suspenseful.
Yeah, people forget how minimalist the first Halloween is. There's barely any gore and the body count is paltry compared to most slashers. But its also by far the best because its so effective with what little it shows.

Glad to see these filmmakers seem to understand this, even if 30 years of shit sequels didn't.
That was awesome. I was wondering what in the hell Mike would be scattering on the floor and then when I saw the teeth I was like “Oh what else could it have been.” 
I don't care what people say, Season of the Witch is bloody entertaining as fuck. 
Happy happy Halloween
Halloween, Halloween
Happy happy Halloween
Silver shamrock
[deleted]
>And if this movie kills her off and lets Michael live, I will be pissed.

This. Laurie deserves her revenge
I could see her sacrificing herself to ensure his demise
Sally from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre would like to have a word with you
Now Mars has Propane and your wig.  It's becoming a real hot spot.
Sort of excuses it, in my sub conscious. The sequels were just fan fiction and urban legend, some good, some bad.
The more I think about this, the more I like it.

I can kinda say in my head that all the halloween movies are stories/urban legends that folks have made up in the last 40 years. Ghost stories that kids tell at camp fires.
And I am here for it. 
as the *regular* Activia lady
Also Michael in the bedsheet ghost costume 
The mechanic one is also a callback to “The Return of Michael Myers”. It’s basically a double callback in one.
Probably wouldn’t have stabbed her otherwise. “Bitch I was waiting for someone else, but you had to act out.”
I imagine Michael wincing in pain under the mask every time she tries to close the door. lol
You're lucky.  I've been waiting over a decade to hear the Halo theme in theatres. 
It’ll be the first time for me, so damn excited!
Jamie Lee Curtis always takes a shit, because she is regular thanks to Activia.
John Wick vs Micheal 
Michael killed two dogs in the original. Just saying.
Doctor\-fucking\-Loomis
The mask IMO is probably one of the best looking so far 
That's not what I think of when I hear ["Mike Meyers Halloween Mask"](https://img.cinemablend.com/quill/d/2/5/8/4/6/d25846db0b0da0f8e735739cef457c01dc018318.jpg)
I’m a MM nerd and it was the first thing I looked for in this trailer. It’s pretty solid. I was worried that it was too weathered but they captured the original face shape well and I think they intended to do that. I hope they consulted some of the present day Myers mask makers on this because those guy really know their shit and make incredible reproductions!
I love that the guy who played Michael Myers in the original film is playing him again for this one \- his name is Nick Castle
I mean look at the trailer we literally see the moment he gets to Evil Within III, we know this boys been eating pallets for breakfast
Yassss.  Was hoping there'd be a DBD comment in this thread somewhere.
It wasn't Michael in there keeping the closet open, it was Dwight staying planted for days on end.
Huyah huyah huyah huyah!

(Seth Rogan laugh under the mask intensifies.)
David Gordon Green is very versatile. He started directing Malick style indies before he moved to comedy and has mentioned in interviews he loves all genres of film and doesn’t want to be pigeon holed as “the comedy guy/the indie guy, etc”
We'll probably get a discussion where she explained that she Loomis had a few long conversations about Michael before Loomis died, and he was the one advising her to be ready for his return.
I don’t think he would have been buried in Haddonfield lol
Halloween 2 (1981) is pretty underrated. Really good sequel. Season of the Witch has nothing to do with Michael Myers but I still really like it
The H20 bathroom stall scene was awesome! I’m down with any horror movie that messes with your expectations.
Yes! Good reference. Can’t help but also seeing that the scene where Strode points the gun at Michael as he is in the upstairs window looks reminiscing to the scene in Halloween (original) where Strode looks out HER window to see Michael standing in between the clothes lines. 
...Or you could just say Halloween 2018. It's what we've been doing with all the remake titles from Platinum Dunes. 
Halloween (1978)

Halloween (2007)

Halloween (2018)

Not only has Hollywood given up on original film ideas, they have given up on original film titles. With that being said, I will be watching this movie.
Counting this one, the last three Halloween movies, in order, were titled:

*Halloween*    
*Halloween 2*    
*Halloween*

They are the 9th, 10th, and 11th movies in the franchise.  These reboots and titles are way out of control.
Who's on first
Does anyone know what the original ending was/is?
The way the trailer pushes thing, I get the feeling neither of them are ever going to actually make it to Haddonfield. They're expositional dead meat. 
Again!
I recognise that mask, verrry cool
I would recommend 2, and H20 as decent films that act as a trilogy.  
I like 3 as well, but it's a separate thing with nothing to do with Michael.
Yes, the others are absolutely worth watching if you're a fan of the slasher genre. 2, 4, and H20 specifically but I enjoy all of the sequels to some degree. You can't go on having only watched the Zombie movies.
In my opinion it's because he's so human. Freddy, Jason, Pinhead, none of those could exist in our world. But Michael, as he was presented originally, could. 
[deleted]
it looks like we will get his face in glimpses, which im ok with since we did briefly see it in the original
I think seeing his face in the original movie was awesome. It shows you that he’s just another boy, he even looks really gentle and like a high school jock. It just makes it all more chilling. But I think seeing a 60 year old mans face wouldn’t have the same effect in this movie hahahha
[I have a feeling when we see his face after taking off the mask it will look something like this ](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/207/210/b22.jpg) 
[deleted]
New Line tried this in 90s when they wanted to do Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash (from EVIL DEAD). At one point Leatherface was in the mix too.
Yea, same here. As soon as Hollywood started with the cinematic universes thing I immediately thought this is the crossover they need to be doing.
"it goes right through you, just like *this!*"

*Michael impales someone with his knife*
Scattered teeth dropped over a gas station bathroom stall does it for me, too. 
That's what John Carpenter's music does
I swear to God I was watching the trailer and I looked down and I didn't even realize I was jerking off.
Yeah, that was a good one. Shame they already gave it away in the trailer.
It ignores everything but the first movie, so yes.
After doing some digging, this Halloween (2018) is apparently intended to be a direct sequel to the original Halloween (1978). If you're itching for this, you have only one movie in front of you.

If you want the "Laurie Strode" story as it is right now, 1, 2, H20, and Resurrection are what you want. Halloween 3 is not related at all (but is a personal favorite of mine). Halloweens 4, 5, and 6 and their plotlines are "non-canon," so it's up to you if you care about that kind of thing or not (but they're not viewed highly regardless). 
That's what my mom said when I told her I was gay.
The fear of a bad thing you know approaching is often worse than the fear of something unexpected. Part of the reason why people hate jump-scares so much (beyond the music cues) is how cheap they are compared to well-wrought tension.
It's because at this point we expect her to open the closet and him not be in it, but when she closes it he is suddenly behind her or something.   It's so fucking awesome, literally the stuff of nightmares.
I’m glad we’re so accepting of gay serial killers, now. Judge them on their actions, not their orientation!
Jump scares don't need to be a surprise to work. Half of the scare comes from the anticipation. The other half comes from the music/ sound fx. That's why a lot of people are bothered by them, they're too easy. [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TC0kCyF1A7U) some jump scares with the scary sound effects removed.
Hey, with any luck, it was a scene just for the trailer, and it happens a different way.
Why else would they show someone trying to close a door for ten seconds if it wasn't because Michael Myers was behind there?
Don’t pretend for a second that the moment a baby sitter tried to close a closet door all nonchalantly in a Halloween movie, your brain wouldn’t have immediately said “Michael’s in there”.
Candyman vs Michael confirmed 
If people would give him candy and stop running from him maybe he'd stop dropping motherfuckers.
Just the first one. This one is a direct sequel to the original, and they are pretending like the other ones never existed. 

Then after you watch this new one, you have all of the rest if you want more Michael Myers. 
Just the first one. This upcoming film is treating **only** the original as canon, so you can get away with ignoring everything else.

However, I have little doubt that many subtle references to the other films we be made.
“...like now”
"Wasn't he in space fighting Freddy Krueger?"

"That's jason, asshole"
“Didn’t she chop some guy’s head off that was dressed like her not-brother?”
"Wasn't he the puppet of a celtic cult that was using him to impregnate his niece who was in love with him to give birth to their new messiah but ultimately his psychiatrist was given the mark of immortality and cursed to serve like Michael was?"

"....there was a reason the producer's cut took 20 years to be released"
"He sure is!"  Ant-Man
This looks very interesting, but even if they're not counting every other movie after 1 (since they say in this Trailer that Michael was shot by Loomis and taken into custody), this sorta ruins the ending of the first movie where Michael vanishes after falling off the balcony, and his breathing is heard throughout the credits, implying he's still out there. The fact that he was caught and arrested is kinda weird, but at least the movie looks interesting.
"Wasn't he a whiny crybaby as a kid on par with Anakin Skywalker who was bullied by Rob Zombie clones and Rob Zombie r63 cosplays?"
Yeah and her friends were just “Well, since I’m here. And the mouthy one is definitely going first.”

Makes it more terrifying if you think about it. Doing mundane things such as leaving a key under the mat for your dad so he can try to sell a house and end up on the radar of a guy wearing a Captain Kirk mask.


I can never take “Michael Myers” seriously as a murderer name. 

It would be like the next serial killer being named Steven Martin...just doesn’t work in my head
Carpenter wrote it drunk 
but they later regretted it
And Carpenter hated it  
I’m confused. I thought I saw and remembered the films. Wasn’t it the little boy at the start of H1 who killed his sister and arguably went after family?
It was actually revealed in the extended version of the original.
[deleted]
Yeah, I'm a lifelong Halloween fan and I've never understood the hate for that decision. Especially now that this is very much a Laurie vs. Michael story, I feel like it would make more sense with that connection. Like if she were just another girl that he killed, why would he be coming back to her after forty years?
I loved Vice Principals and had forgotten that this was essentially the same collaborators... makes me sad that Goggins won’t be making an appearance. Maybe they can CG his face onto whoever is playing Michael! hehehe
> There was even pretty much a jump scare in season 2 that was seriously creepy.

Heh, I know the one you're talking about. There's another moment that while not scary was still creepy to watch [at the end of the second last episode in season 2 when the shot lingers on Ms. Abbott and you realize she's the shooter](#spoiler)

[Vice Principal spoilers](https://streamable.com/ei10h)
"Guys, it's ok! He just wanted his machete back! *Whew!*"
I unapologetically love Jason X. It's so campy and ridiculous and it doesn't take itself the least bit seriously 
Near Valentine = Michael escape to find lost love

Near St. Patty = Michael escape to get drunk

Near Easter = Michael escape to find eggs

Near July 4 = Michael escape to enjoy fireworks

Near Thankgiving = Michael escape to eat turkey 

Near Christmas = Michael escape to open presents

Near New Year = Michael escape to watch ball drop in New York City

Near Martin Luther King day = Michael escape to celebrate black history

Michael win every time
I’m really interested to see where they go with that bit. In the trailer it seems like Michael follows the crew after his bus wrecks to get his mask back.
Yeah I thought it was pretty obvious he was hoping to instigate a reaction out of Michael for his doc. Maybe even few words. Instead they instigated that evil patience of his. 

So cool!
You're thinking of Jason 
That's what I liked about the trailer. Same thing with scream 4. *spoilers kind of * that Sydney wasn't going to be a victim and was going to fight back. She wasn't afraid.

So I'm interested to see where this goes. 
It’s also rare to see an older woman in a role like this so, although I’ve never been into Halloween series, I’m down to get into this. Badass Grandma with a shotgun? Count me in.
"Miiichaaaaelllll"

Oh, shit...
It's the yogurt
Michael and her are going to go out in flames together. 
She's badass in H20 (which doesn't count anymore) too. She sends her kid and his girlfriend on their way, locks herself in with Michael, and grabs a fucking axe, lol. It's pretty badass if you've never seen it. 
bc it's always Halloween for Rob Zombie
*Halloween's 11: One Last Scare, and We're Outta this Business*
They're going to die together, I bet. She'll die, but she's taking him with her. 
I think this film would rule if Laurie is indeed the final girl again even if it means the new main young girl dies and all the people important to her die. 

But it's now kinda funny to picture an older man behind the mask as Michael was supposed to be 21 years old in the first film. 

Hahahahah....ahhaahha..AAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Your comment has convinced me to not even watch this trailer, gonna wait till it comes out. Thank you 
> Also, and this is completely unrelated, a futuristic coven of witches never made masks that exploded if kids watched a certain Halloween special."

That movie really was ridiculous in a charming way.
Damn I forgot about the Michael Myers cult movie with Paul Rudd. Only saw it once as a kid when I was growing up and obsessed with the character; you know the sixth movie must be really shitty if AMC will show Halloween 4 and 5 a million times during Halloween but not that one.
It was a fun nod though. All three masks are in the trailer.
Aww but Halloween 3 is where the series should have went. An annual anthology series would have been awesome. Instead of the laundry list of complete nonsense we ended up with
It's already been confirmed to retcon everything but 1
Yea part 2 never happened in this film.
Hey man, as a kid from the 80s, those Halloween sequels were awesome back then.  Sure they are pretty cheesy looking back now, but horror fans of that era enjoyed them.

Is it ok to like them and still be excited for this sequel or is that not boughie enough?
Hells yes thisnmovie looks like a great sequel 
The second one still holds up. 
As a music theory dude, do you know what I find cool? As simple as it is, it's actually one of the few popular pieces of music/tunes that's in a complex time signature: 5/4. More often than not, music [especially Western music] is divided into counts of 4 or 3 (1 - 2 - 3 - 4, or 1 - 2 - 3). However, the Halloween theme has an extra beat added to it (1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5), which almost gives you the sense of not being able to find the real beat, and that can cause unease when listening to it. 
Check out Lost Themes by Carpenter, it's an album of all the themes he wrote but never got to use, and it's amazing!
One of the only tapeworm songs to see the light of day.
Anyone who's into Carpenter's themes should check out Goblin. They were an awesome band from the 70s that wrote music for a bunch of movies, most famously Dario Argento's Suspiria. Big inspiration for Carpenter. The resemblance of that movie's music to the Halloween theme is unmistakable. When the frontman of Goblin met Carpenter years later, he introduced himself and Carpenter said "I know who you are, I've been stealing from you for years!"
and Superman.
good track

we need more synths in modern music
> Suspense is like a woman. The more left to the imagination, the more the excitement.... 

- Alfred Hitchcock

Hitchcock turned me to the mindset that the more you leave to the imagination, the more terrifying things get. A director can never out terrify a person's own imagination imo. 

That's why things like Blair Witch, Halloween, Jaws all worked so well. You only really got a subtle tease until the end.

EDIT: How the fuck did I forget Alien? 
Confetti. He loves to celebrate. 
Candy that he expected her to catch. After realizing that she let the candy go to waste by letting it hit the dirty gas station floor, he decided to kill her. Completely justified imo.
Anyone who doesn't like Season of the Witch is a filthy pleb
Five More days till Halloween, halloween, Halloween, Five more days till Halloween, SIL-VER-SHAM-ROCK
Especially after they revoked her revenge by making Halloween: Resurrection 
I want to see Laurie fucking kill his ass finally, and that be the end of it and no more Halloween movies ever again, so that it can finally be put to rest after 40 years
Yo this one time Busta Rhymes came to our town and Kung Fu kicked Michael out of a window!


No way.


For reals, my dad knew a guy who knew a guy.
Calling it. That's not Michael; that's the corpse of the babysitter at the end of the trailer (look closely; same wallpaper). And the sheriff is biting it. 
“Now ima have to kill all of you”
That's why he wears the mask. To hide the pain.
That made me imagine the prolonged Peter Griffin whince 
lol that’s painful to hear...

you’ll be in my prayers
Just go to the ~~juul room~~ halo theme room 
same here!! I always wished they would drop the classic one in theaters for acouple of nights but no luck until now lol
Lmao good point
Id watch it
It's even more original than the original!
Yeah it looks fucking badass. 
He described his involvement as a ‘cameo’ and James Jude Courtney will apparently be doing the bulk of the scenes as Michael.

Still awesome to bring him back though, I’m pretty sure that shot in the mental hospital’s courtyard where we see his back profile/the scenes before he gets the mask back must be Castle and knowing it’s the original actor will for sure give me a little extra goosebumps to those scenes.
That's actually really surprising but cool.
He for sure hit EW3,using a mirror no less. Insta-kill incoming.
[deleted]
I agree. What Halloween 2 does so well is address the effects of the first time. When the Sheriff finds out about his daughter, it's a devastating realistic scenario that we *rarely* ever experience in a horror film. We see both the aftermath, **and** the rampage continue.
Halloween III is so fucking good. It’s crazy but fun, only gets hate for not being a Myers film
Halloween ‘18 has a nice ring to it
Oh wow, I didn't realize that one company was responsible for most of the big budget horror movie reboots as of late. Also, they are working on a Dora the Explorer movie... 

The company that brought back Voorhees, Krueger, Leatherface, and the Hitcher is going to release a Dora the Explorer movie. Why am I so intrigued by this?
[deleted]
It get confusing for sure.  At least 2007 was a remake and not a direct sequel like this one.

The one that burns me is:

*First Blood*

*Rambo: First Blood Part II*

*Rambo III*

*Rambo*
I've only heard rumors, but the poor testing was due to it being an ambiguous ending of sorts. COMPLETE rumors, but someone thought it ended similarly to the original movie where michael disappears and audiences were like "What?"
I CLAPPED WHEN I SAW HIM!
Was H20 the one that ended with Jamie Lee Curtis stealing an ambulance and chopping of Michael's head?  That one wasn't bad.
4 doesn't get enough of a fair shake. That ending is dope.
I really liked H20. Ressurection was ridiculous though.
[deleted]
And underneath? Brad Pitt.
Bruce Campbell talked about Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash, and he said the problem was that nobody wanted to die/lose. They copped out in the Freddy vs. Jason movie with this, and they wouldn’t let Ash kill either of them on screen, so Campbell said he wasn’t dying if he didn’t get to take anybody with him, so the whole thing was scrapped. Feel like a slasher movie battle Royale would always run into a problem like that, especially when the rights to various characters are held by different entities all putting their two cents into the equation.
Unrelated, is a teeth fetish a thing?
Might not actually be in the movie - a lot of movies lately have been putting misdirection in trailers. I'll still enjoy it if it's in the movie nonetheless though, I'd like to see the kids reactions after that. That's like some bad dream shit.
Mom's know man
Hitchcock points out exactly this when he's explaining what tension means and it's brilliant

https://youtu.be/DPFsuc_M_3E
yes, that is a great way to put it, that was better than a jump scare
Yes. Very rarely do trailers make me want to see a movie I didn't really care about before. This one did. Very well done without giving away too much.
That's some 400IQ\+ thinking. I simply expected him to be there.
I only judge someone's orientation when they don't provide coffee and doughnuts 
Who says that's him?  I think it's a fakeout and it's a friend playing a prank.
I am not worried at all about Green and McBride being able to jump scare me
They should have no one in the closet for the actual movie.
"He he, this sweater sleeve was in the way! All fixed now."

COMING THIS HALLOWEEN
God, I want that as a real thing!
Top 10 anime boss fights
I can only upvote
"Ok who joined my channel?  ...I came in here to be alone"
"I heard he fought for earth realm in Mortal Kombat" 

"I heard he got karate kicked by a reality show host."
Greatest horror movie ending of all time! It's the first time that " the killer isn't dead and now he's vanished" bit was used. Loved it!!
That was a Captain Kirk mask?! 
For those of us that knew the horror character well before the comedian, it's easy to take the name seriously.
"Groovy baby, yeah!" As he's stabbing someone.
Lol have you seen Baby Driver yet? They make fun of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woCVu9lVA0k
I refuse to believe any film/book is written sober.

After hearing how Sorkin, King, etc all were beyond fucked up when they wrote their best work. 
[deleted]
Which wasn't part of the script or shooting of principle photography of part 1. They needed to pad the film for the TV edit as the running time wasn't sufficient after the TV edits.
So they scrapped away the story from 2 through 5?
Because Michael is scarier without a motive. Try watching the original film without the sibling connection in mind. It’s terrifying because it could happen to anyone. 

I love the sequels btw. I just think this idea has merit and will make Michael scary again, which he hasn’t been since 1978 imo. 
On a sort of tangent, I think the lack of motive works better for Michaels turn as a child. That sets the tone way better and than making them unrelated ever could. He's killed one sister and is going after another but his reasons for it are unknown and unexplainable. To me there's terror in that.

Thats the reason I hated the Rob Zombie version so much because he tried to explain Michaels childhood to where there is some sort of understanding as to why he ended up the way he did with Zombies white trash fetish, straight up ruined a classic. With Carpenters version you assume he's a normal kid in a normal family until that night.
The original Michael is playing Michael 
I don't care how bad that movie was, this particular scene is pure gold. Jason X just has those moments in there where it keeps me coming back.
"I understood that reference!!!!" 

That awful awful reference.
The part where the holographic chicks go in sleeping bags, then Jason picks up one of the bags and start wailing on the other one is like top 10 hilarious moments in a movie for me 
>Near St. Patty

Just a by the by, but it's St Paddys. Its from the name Pádraig :)
> Near Martin Luther King day = Michael escape to celebrate black history

I love this, it's so wholesome!

I'd watch every one of these movies. They need to be made.
As Dr. Loomis said in the original Halloween

"This catatonia is a conscious act. There's an instinctive force within him. He's waiting."
I feel like Scream 4 is incredibly underrated. 
I remember in the remake for Sorority Row, one of the best parts was Carrie Fisher attacking the slasher guy with a shotgun.

That was honestly not a bad movie all things considered.
Hell yeah, Granny Lee Curtis looks amazing, as usual.
I can't wait for the scene where she's in a car with bottles on her fingers going "Michael. Come out to play"
There has to be a scene where she's kicking the shit out of Michael while she's screaming "I've been eating Activia every GODDAMN DAY!"
One of the better more recent Halloween movies. Aside form the stupid mask.
I love H20 despite it being pretty ridiculous. It was my first Halloween movie as I was in my early teens and really getting into horror. I later watched the original Halloween and loved it but H20 is what got me into the series. I have a nostalgic soft spot for 90's slasher films (Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, etc.)
Rob Zombie: I'm releasing the movie on Halloween.
Interviewer: But it's July...
Rob Zombie: Everyday is Halloween when you're Rob Zombie *looks at camera. Feels So Numb plays*
Come on Mike, let’s finish this the way we started it!
Stick to it. This trailer spoils too much. I regret watching it.
145 more days til Halloween! Halloween! Halloween! 145 days til Halloween, Silver Shamrock!
What's the title because that sounds like a hoot.
It took 11 year old me to realize Michael Meyers was not going to be showing up in this movie lol. Still liked it in its own cheesy way. 
[deleted]
It's not so much that it's shitty than it is the ending is a butchered cliffhanger that will never see a resolution due to Donald Pleasance's passing right after the movie was finished.
I was excited for that. Unfortunately nobody had any clue that is what they were trying to do and movie goers were pissed there was no Michael Myers.
I can't say I mind. The lore of the Halloween series got a bit crazy. 
TIL, thanks for the info. I always wondered why it seemed I couldn't keep up with the notes, they seemed out of place
Never noticed that, very interesting! There is also the use of the tritone, which makes for an uneasy feeling.
This is cool. I remember reading that the original Terminator theme was in a weird time signature also. 13/16 if I recall correctly.
Yeah. The human mind loves patterns and when we hear or see something that doesn't fit the norm it automatically makes us feel uncomfortable. Like when you see a person's face that doesn't have bilateral symmetry. 
Wait what? What does the TR&AR version have to do with Tapeworm
[deleted]
Just go with "pretty much anything John Williams came up with in the 1970s."
And the best thing about Jaws was that it wasn't even intended. The reason we don't see much of the shark is because the damn thing wouldn't actually work properly. It's the perfect example of a film being improved by its production woes. 
The end of a horror movie is what separates the good ones from the greats, IMO. So many horror movies have strong premises and entertaining opening acts. Not so many can carry that right through to a satisfying conclusion. The three you mentioned are definitely good in that regard. 

I remember how much flack Blair Witch caught for that ending when it first came out, but what would people have preferred? A thirty minute monster mash sequence where the witch chases the heroes around until one of them manages to gruesomely kill her? Boring! I'd much rather have no idea what happened. My imagination did so much with that creepy little taste in the last few minutes. Really terrifying. 
They were Skittles. He wanted her to taste the rainbow!
Tom Atkins is the worst father ever in that movie and yet he somehow makes it totally OK! Just neglecting his kids, yelling at his ex wife, getting loaded, banging a stranger he just met. All hail Tom Atkins. 
"One time Michael wasn't even there and it was some fucking witches killing people and shit! I swear to god!"
That’s what I think. The body is too small and limp to be Michael I think.
If I pulled that off Would he die? 
Not gonna lie, it might be my favorite movie of all time if tried something like this.

Imagine: 

A babysitter tripped on the ground, scrambling to get away. She's caught in a corner of the house! She grabs the curtains closest to the window, crying, clutching the curtains and awaiting her imminent death. 

Michael slowly lumbers towards her, butcher knife raised into the air and ready to drop with thunderous force into the babysitter... when all of sudden, Michael bangs his shin on a coffee table that was knocked askew when the babysitter crawled towards the corner!

Michael drops instantly to the floor, as well as the knife from his hand. His hands fly to the spot where the table has bumped into his shin and Michael, for the first time, speaks: "Goddammit! That really hurts! Oh Jesus, nothing has *ever* hurt this much! Son of a bitch, what is this table made of?! Oh, God, I think its already bruised! Hey, kid? Can you please grab me some ice? It *really really* hurts."
It's more masky than the first mask
MORI!!!
It’s from a video game called Dead by Daylight and Michael Meyers is one of the playable characters in the game as well as Laurie Strode. The survivors which include Laurie, escape the killer by running around the map and throwing down these blockades called pallets. 

Evil Within is the special power that Meyers has in the game where the longer he stalks survivors, the more powerful he becomes. This eventually leads to him being able to kill the survivors quite easily once he gets to Evil Within 3.

Hope that helps!
The only one I really didnt like was the reality show one.

I'm one of the few who really enjoyed H20.
Halloween 2: For real this time you guys
If he disappeared again, that wouldn't be bad.
IT BROKE NEW GROUND!
Correct. It was followed by a truly terrible sequel with Buster Rhymes, but H20 itself was decent.
4 is highly regarded among hardcore Halloween fans but I don't know how people in general feel about it. Deserves more love for sure if they overlook it. One of the darkest and scariest Halloween movies outside of the original. Lots of awesome kills and a terrifying Michael. Danielle Harris was incredible in it too, especially when you consider her age at the time. The ending is one of the best scenes out of any of the movies. It's a shame that they really didn't make use of that ending in the fifth movie, they could have went in so many directions with it. 
Me too, the last 20 minutes of H20 are epic. That's the Laurie we will see the entire movie in this new one. Resurrection is indeed ridiculous but it's fun to watch if you're looking for a laugh and don't take it too seriously. Am I crazy to say I liked the general concept of it though? If it had a darker tone they could have had something there. 
The irony being that Freddy Vs. Jason ended up being the last in the series anyway and they only remade Freddy and Jason.  
So FvJvA could have easily been the last with Ash killing Freddy definitively.   Jason couldn't permanently die because he had to return in the timeline for Jason X. 
Literally any fetish is a thing if you look hard enough online.
I don't know about that.
[deleted]
Michael fake out is essentially a trope at this point I could see this happening for sure
Oh my god yes. And then it cuts back to the little kid in the bed, *but it's Michael __the whole time__*!
Busta busta!
It was a William shatner rubber mask turned inside out.

[edit] Sorry seemed to have posted this more than once
Mike vs Michael makes the difference to me. 
 A good example of a generation gap.  When we hear the name, we see the monster, everyone born after 1990ish will picture the comedian.  I think it is also hard for younger generations to perceive a world were movies like Halloween or Friday the 13th were as horrific as it got without being slammed with an X rating.  A movie like Saw or Hostel would have gotten people charged with crimes in the 80's
"I've got my mojo back, baby, yeah!" as he decapitates a babysitter.
“At first I thought you’re  crazy, now I can clearly see your nuts!” ^^^(while wearing no pants)
"Austin Powers"

"Doc said Mike Myers"

"This is MIKE MYERZ!"

"It should be the Halloween mask!"

"This is a HALLOWEEN MASK!"
Fun fact: According to Edgar Wright, the scene was originally supposed to have (Halloween) Michael Myers masks but they failed to obtain the rights to the likeness so he called in a favor with Mike Myers and wrote in the Austin Powers masks as well as the gag instead last minute. 

Apparently Mike loved the scene. 

Source: Baby Driver Director Commentary. 
“Ever get so fuckin hammered drunk and blitzed on cocaine you write a child fuckbang in a sewer as a climax of your book?” 
Hell, King barely remembers writing Cujo.  
I can't believe I never realised King was a massive coke head.  
I'm convinced that Aronofsky wrote Mother! with just a Bible, a Sierra Club pamphlet, and a bunch of blow.
2-8 actually, yes all gone.
Yeah, I think a big part of the original movie was this idea that Michael was Laurie's fate. That she could run and hide all she wanted, but he would always come for her. He's the bogeyman because you can keep your lights on and pretend that everything's okay, but you know that he's in your closet or under your bed, waiting.

The idea that a child just *becomes* that one night is much scarier than Zombie's attempt at rationalizing it.
Nick Castle is basically just a cameo, according to what he told journalists when he was on set. "Look, I’ve come in to do a cameo. Jim is our Michael Myers now."  
Found that quote on an article interviewing James Jude Courtney (the main guy playing Michael Myers in this movie), and I think it's interesting. He seems to really love and respect the character.  
  
[Source](http://halloweendailynews.com/2018/03/james-jude-courtney-interview/)
Like the holographic campers meeting their demise through Jason reliving Part VII: The New Blood? Yeah buddy. Crimson-stained gold.
It may not be anything resembling an Oscar winning film, but I'll be damned if it isn't a fun watch. When you're making "Jason: IN SPACE!", you've pretty much resigned yourself to the ridiculous. May as well embrace it.
Michael may be a serial killing psychopath, but he’s not a racist! 
I'm feelin KINDA woozy ova here
It's my second favorite after the first one.
I still can't tell whether it's on par with or better than Scream 2 for me.
It was. I’m still hoping for a 5th scream! 
Imo, the best Scream movie after the original. Tbh, the reason why it was so good was that it was basically a remake of the original, but nonetheless still a good Scream movie. 
Scream 3 was really the only dud, but the rest are great!
The scream franchise is my favorite. Scream has been my favorite movie since I first watched it in the theater.  I was thrilled when 4 came out and it far exceeded my expectations. Emma Roberts was perfect. 
Lol she might have lost her marbles by then. 
I understand what you’re saying but I had to look up and realized that H20 is 20 years old.
But that one doesn't have Busta Rhymes talking about the internet audience and pioneering IRL streaming.
I wouldn't say it's ridiculous. The storyline is pretty solid. It's the fact that Ressurection went on to say that Michael traded clothes with the security guard and then escaped. They should have let him die with H20. I'm also kind of sad that they are retconning 2.... Granted it did end with him being burned alive.... Not sure how you come back from that one... 
*headbanging ensues*
Together!

*Drags Mike off the top of Hogwarts*
Someone give that woman a chair and a ring.
My guess is 1-3 of these scenes don't go down in the movie like they seem in the trailer.
Shoulda done a nice whiskey and coke with coke before you watched so youd forget it after 
Oh fuck you that's gonna be in my head for like a week.
They said that this film will have small easter eggs referencing all the movies. We already know that the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital logo is the same as the one in H2 but for H3 they better have the Silver Shamrock theme somewhere in there.
Halloween 3: Season of the Witch
Dont know if youre serious but its [Halloween 3](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085636/)
Damn you.  
Oh wow, it's so crazy to see a young Paul Rudd like that!
Without looking at it, I'm going to guess it's the kid in the wheelchair going over the cliff scene in Mac and Me.
Very much agreed. While I enjoy reinvention and exploration, there are things that don't need to be explained away for fan service. No one cares about how Han Solo got the last name Solo and no one gives a shit about why a mental asylum escapee is stalking babysitters.
Imho Blumhouse should make sequels to all the classics (Friday the 13th, Elm Street) while retconning the mess that is their respective franchises.
^^some BODY
YES! Exactly, Bruce was a bit of a bitch to get working properly. 

I also for got Alien, they had to such a shit budget but look at what came out of it! 
Yeah man BWP was rough for me, I lived in deep Wisconsin country. 

I had to sleep next to a fireplace for like a week after watching it. My parents were super pissed. But that memory stuck with me forever. 
Blair Witch only works imo because the audience leaves not knowing what the hell just happened. Not knowing the extent of the witch's powers, or if there even is a witch or some other creature in those woods makes the entire rest of the movie 10x scarier
Halloween 3? Not sure what happened there. I think I read once that the Halloween series was going to be an anthology of different horror stories.
Plus, it's a meta\-gag for the horror fans. It's just too obvious if that was Michael. 
It would be extremely painful
[deleted]
[deleted]
Halloween: This Time, It's Personal: The Revenge: Returns



& Knuckles
Yeah I've always put 4 up there with the original as one of the best in the series. And 3 as well because eff the haters, that movie is also dark as shit, considering the ending.
I’ve posted this before, but Halloween 4 was a great film. Part five had the chance to be really good too, but they had to kill off Ellie Cornell for some unknown goddamn reason.  
It's Busta Rhymes
*Pulls off black kid mask and is suddenly three feet taller
"WOO-HAH! GOT YOU ALL IN CHECK"
Actually, I think it was a William Shatner mask that had been spray-painted white. The story I heard was someone from the crew went to a costume shop looking for a mask they could use and the Shatner mask was really cheap, and then somebody got the idea to paint it and that became the mask.
It wasn’t turned inside out. It was a Shatner mask/Kirk mask spray painted white.
He actually prefers to go by the name "Giancarlo" Myers now.
When I hear Mike Myers, I think of the comedian. When I hear Michael Myers, I think of Halloween.
Yea, but they cut way back on the random titties that add nothing to the plot.  So overall I'm gonna say it's a net loss.  
I was blinded by the balls on that kid.
No, the dude from Halloween.

Ooh, you mean Jason
not yet, but I'm getting there. 
After a 3 day Binge blacked out. 

"Cujo.... the fuck is this?...... a killer dog. 

Fuck I am brilliant."
I remember in high school when my best friend read it and I wouldn’t believe him until he shows me the chapter that that shit was actually in the book. I still don’t know how booze and cocaine get one there lol.
Imagine going on a bender, sobering up, and realizing in your intoxication you wrote a thriller that would change how people reference naughty dogs for the next thirty years.

Then look next to it and realize you wrote another book about a fucking murder car. 

Coke man...I gotta try it some time.
I can’t remember if it was Cujo or the Tommyknockers but there is one he does not recall writing at all.
I knew he was fucked on something when I read some of his short stories, one of them being about a demonic possessed industrial laundry machine.
As someone who doesn't follow the movies too much, were they all canon up to this point?

I thought I remembered reading that one of the other movies retconned a lot of stuff too.
"We love premarital sex!"
Nope! He's an equal-opportunity killer!
You cut me too deep. I think I'm dying, man!
You fuckin' hit me the phone, dick!
My dad is gonna kill me!
Zoinks Scoob
That's what I think too. It was a great return to form for Craven and the series.
Scream 2 is definitely a better movie imo. While Scream 3 is okay, I definitely think 4 was a step in a better direction for the franchise. 
Yup came out in 1998 and it was the 20 years later then, so the original is now 40 years old this year and Jaime Lee Curtis starred in the original which is amazing.
Nnnyaaaahhhh!!!!
That’s what the latest IT did. Several scenes that were in the trailer were different in the movie, it was awesome. 
He fucking earned that one.
That's why I *really* hated the Rob Zombie remakes. At least the original films added a super natural mythology that was still very mysterious. 

Rob Zombie: "He's just white trash with 'tard strength."
ONCE
Yeah. That's where all the hate for Halloween 3 comes from. It was actually a pretty good movie in my opinion. But they spent 2 movies building up this awesome antagonist and then in the third movie they went "ok it's an anthology now!" So everyone was just disappointed. 
Just noticed blood can be seen on the floor so it’s obviously a body
For the fanbase.
It's an honestly fantastic game.

4v1 game, 1 killer vs 4 survivors. Each of the killers and survivors have customizable perks (Survivors can self heal, hide more effectively, save other survivors faster, sprint away. Killers can change the radius at which they are detected, or have crows around the map that detect when a survivor passed nearby, etc).  Each Survivor and Killer has specific abilities custom to them.  (Michael has Evil Within, Freddy pulls people into the dream world. There's an axe throwing russian huntress, a doctor with electroshock, etc).

The idea is for the 4 survivors to power up 5 generators that control the exit gates while avoiding the Killer and trying to not die. The killer's job is to kill the survivors and keep them from powering up the generators to escape. So you get into cat and mouse games where a killer is chasing a survivor while the other three are powering up generators or sabotaging hooks (when a killer catches a survivor, they hang them on a meat hook which bleeds them to death slowly).  Survivors can pull each other off the hooks, but if you get hooked 3 times it's instant-dead.

It's a pretty skill-based game. Different people excel at different killer or survivor playstyles and they're all pretty distinct.  Most games not everybody survives.
Trick or treat muthafucka
i'm upvoting every Busta quote. because i still find it unbelievable that someone thought it was a good idea to have him in this franchise 
Also, in the first Halloween, the director had to keep telling the actor "don't act. Just walk".

And he isn't credited as Michael Myers. He is credited as "The Shape". Which is totally epic.
In the same vein, the mask worn by Anthony Hopkins in Silence of The Lambs was actually the prototype mask. They were trying to create something really creepy looking but just kept going back to the masks skeleton, and eventually settle on just not doing anything to it at all. Sometimes the more simple and subtle things work the best.
Pretty much. It was a Shatner mask, made by a company that had taken molds of Shatner's face in order to make prosthesis for an unrelated film.

Carpenter and the producers chose it over some other masks because it had the "least discernible features". The production crew removed the eyebrows and sideburns, teased out the hair, "opened up" and reshaped the eyes with scissors, then painted it white. At least one of the original masks used during production still exists, but it's in bad shape.

The part about it being turned inside-out is an "urban myth", but it's a common one.
>In 1978, during the making of the original Halloween, the prop department was faced with the daunting task of finding a frightening mask that the villain could wear. Tommy Lee Wallace chose FOUR masks to complete Michael Myers. The first option was a Don Post Emmett Kelly clown mask to which they added frizzy red hair. This would be a callback to how Michael killed his sister, Judith, in a clown costume. They tested it out and it appeared featureless and creepy. The other mask was a 1975 William Shatner as Captain James T. Kirk mask that was purchased for around two dollars, a 1975 Mr. Spock mask and a former U.S. president Richard Nixon mask. The Capt. Kirk mask was chosen due to its appearance of having no real facial features that could be easily made out.

>The production crew removed the eyebrows and sideburns, the face was painted flat white, the hair was teased out, and the eyes were opened up and reshaped with scissors. 
"Less gory murders, more boobs" is a platform I could vote for.
Aged well
Just waiting for the right muse
After a 6 day blackout:

“Fuck...a killer bubble that eats airline passengers and growls?!? ...maybe TNT will take it?”
I love how that story ends:
  
He wakes up to a wastebasket of bloody tissues, empty liquor bottles, and a finished manuscript called Cujo.
Drink a bottle of jack in 20 minutes then put a teaspoon of coke infront of an asthma inhaler; hit it, then sit infront of a typewriter. 

You’ll get there. 
Somewhere in Maine...

SK: what to write next?

*does line of coke*

A shape shifting clown that’s really a spider from another dimension.  Throw in a giant turtle!”
He has said often that he barely remembers writing Cujo.  
He also wrote that Elmo Estevez movie with the evil trucks. Everyone gives that movie shit but that soda machine scene was fucking awesome.  
They were all canon, but not necessarily canon to each other depending on how you look at it. A quick breakdown to hopefully make sense:

* H1-2: Original plus straight sequel. 
* H3: Unrelated spinoff, no Myers
* H4-6: Sequels to 1&2
* H7-8: Sequels to 1&2, retconned/ignored 4-6
* Rob Zombie H1-2: Remakes only canon to each other
* H2018: Sequel to ONLY original H1

I've been watching these movies for 20 years and they all had their charm at the time or growing up. H8 (Resurrection) though is the WORST of the worst. It's unwatchable IMO. Some say the same about Zombie H2. I like it mostly for what it was.
I love how he has them in their sleeping bags using one like a pillow in a pillow fight to hit the other one. I laughed so hard at that.
My parents are going to be so mad at meeeeeeee
It’s like poetry, they rhyme.
I more or less found it *ok* in the RZ remake. Detached from all expectations of Michael Myers and the Halloween series, it's a fine modern slasher.

It's only once you add those things onto it becomes a question of, was the reinvention worth it?

I would say no, but I do still enjoy the movie enough.
TOLD ME
Totally understandable. You can't have two movies about one set of characters and suddenly change it into an anthology on the 3rd.

We should just pretends it's called Season of the Witch.
Now I want to play Dead by Daylight.  The Shape always snuck up on me.
Nick Castle. Give the dude credit. 
“The director”...referring to genre icon and one of the best directors of all time, John Carpenter
/r/LifeHacks
He directed it. 

He doesn't remember directing it.

Director of photography lost his eye during the making of it cause King insisted using a real lawnmower in a scene for no good reason
Oh dudeee, Maximum overdrive was like the first horror movie I watched as a kid, I used to have nightmares about it but I loved it, also dat ACDC soundtrack was dope.
I think it's based on his short story called Trucks, it's in the novel Night Shift, I could be wrong on that though.
The original point of the Halloween franchise was that each iteration was going to be it's own thing. But after H3 the studio execs were like "what's this? People like Michael Meyers? They're all sequels now!" 
My memory of that movie is so vague that I can't believe it's real, but I definitely remember that scene. lmao
He adlibbed that line too. I love Scream. I love all of them actually. 
Every 20th anniversary kind of rhymes with the last one.

Hopefully "Halloween 2038: Haddonfield Nursing Home" will work.
Rob Zombie's films aren't amazing, but when you realize they're made by a metal singer with a love and passion for B-Movies, Grindhouse Cinema, and all things creepy, they become oddly endearing and charming.
Understandable, sure, but still unfortunate. Having a decent horror anthology every couple years on Halloween would have been great. Especially with John Carpenter being involved. Instead, we got just a bunch of ho hum sequels. 
Is that a good game? I saw it on the Microsoft marketplace the other day and wanted to buy it.
Okay.

Fun fact: he apparently has a cameo in this upcoming movie.
I'm pretty sure that King has said that he doesn't remember writing most of Cujo either.

And of course he based the character of Jack Torrance in The Shining partly on himself during his "addict" days.
Haha, yeah. H3 would have been a cult classic had it not used the franchise name too. People receive it fairly well when they actually watch it.
"Oops."

"What 'oops'?"

"Nothing!"

"You don't just *say* 'oops', what 'oops'?!"
I love Matthew Lillard
Halloween: The Night HE Retired
I’d watch Michael chase Laurie around a large elderly living community.
This is how I see it as well. It's a movie made by a guy who is making the movies for *no one* else but himself. I can admire the passion he has for it.
The Devils Rejects is a straight up classic. 
Good? Debatable. A ton of fun to play for sure. Especially if you have a group to play with. 
As The Shape. 
Yep. Apparently he will play Michael for a scene and then "pass the torch" to the stunt man who will play him for the rest. Probably that beginning scene for the facial features.
Only a person who has known addiction could have described it the way he did for Jack. Jacks mannerisms, internal thoughts, and all around attitude are 100% addiction based. With a little love, sex, and murder thrown in.
