My wife will make me see this 😔 #prayforme
This community wouldn't mass downvote a snuff film as fast as this.
so everyone is really hoping that this will be the film that kills schumer's career, right? i mean, how can it not?
I found this trailer interesting. First because Schumer looks horrible, and not just in her usual "I'm a 4-5 joking about being a 1-2 troll" way, but approaching Theron/Monster levels of unflattering makeup/lighting, maybe intentional weight gain. 

That's obviously part of the joke, but the weird part is she looks her worse before the injury/delusion part, so it kind of under cuts the humor of her acting like she looks good because she actually does look better than many of the early shots. 

I'm guessing that's because they are going with the "if you're confident you will be more attractive" message, but they helped deliver/undercut that message by using flattering lighting and makeup to make her physically look better when she has confidence.
Ratajkowski: "I'm just dealing with low self-esteem."

Schumer: "I wanna punch you in the face."

Haha, isn't it so funny how beautiful people think that know what low self-esteem is? It's not like their brains are the same as everyone else's, and they can experience mental health issues, too. /s

My goodness, Schumer's really phoning this one in, too.

It's just fucking Shallow Hal but the other way around
Why tf is Michelle Williams in an Amy Schumer movie?
Seems like a rip-off of Shallow Hal.
FUCKIGN HELL
Is this some sort of fat fantasy?
This looks hilarious and I can’t wait to see it
fuck EVERYTHING about this movie.  fatlogic at its finest
Who exactly is her target audience that they keep shoving her out front?  Isn't she pretty much universally disdained?
Iirc she cancelled her show last minute to ditch her fans to be at a rally for Hilary Clinton. That being said i will not be watching this farce 
No.  Just, no.
LMAO at all the whales bitching and calling Amy Schumer thin.
Whippped!
You better not fund that joke stealing hack.
I did. Amy schumer is gross.
I hope so, she sucks. Plus liberalism is cancer.
Yup

Eh..I'm no fan of Schumer, but it's a character in the film saying that. Did you watch Breaking Bad and get angry at Bryan Cranston because his character sold meth?
She was held at gunpoint by Amy Schumer. 
Just an autobiography of a typical day inside her head 
Wow, sad.
Haha yeah...
No, only on reddit.
Fat people?
Walter White: I want to sell Meth so that I can make lots of money. 

Jesse: Mr. White, I wanna punch you in the face. 
