Saul Goodman bringing back the Supers.  I'm in.
At least Frozone knows where his Supersuit is this time.

Edit: it to at
The action looks so fun and fluid.

One nice little piece of continuity I noticed: They meet with the Bob Odenkirk character in their original outfits because no one is supposed to know they’re married. 
Oh this music. How I've missed you.
That baby is powerful as hell.
Do I see a portal-esque conservation of momentum thing with dash? 

Fancy...
“Where you going ASAP? You better be back ASAP!”

Oh Honey, how I’ve missed you. 
Is the lip syncing/audio a little off in this trailer or is it just me?
[deleted]
That animation: wow 

Also Screenslaver looks like a cool villain. The cool mask, and the mind control through TVs (which is such a 50s/60s type concept I love it!)

Even more excited than before!
Such a small detail but I love the sound effects of Dash running in the house. 

Also the score sounds INCREDIBLE 
Because of my rose-tinted glasses, I remember the first *Incredibles* looking as good as this new one.  But I just watched [the trailer,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZbzbC9285I) and I now see that isn't the case.  Things like lighting, skin textures, and the rendering of Mr. Incredible's hair have improved significantly since 2004.

Still, for a computer-animated film from 14 years ago, it still holds up quite nicely.  It's like the only thing that can make me see the flaws in Pixar's work is Pixar's work from the future.
At least Frozone's wife now knows not to move his damn super suit
Find it jarring that the character Bob Odenkirk is voicing looks like Lee Mack
Looks like someone is thinking with portals!
This trailer made me realise I could honestly watch an entire movie about Edna Mode.
The first Incredibles movie was one of the first movies my parents took me to see in theaters. I’m gonna invite them and we’re gonna do it again. 
The Screenslaver villain seems pretty cool. I bet it's Tony Rydinger. I have no evidence to support this but I just have a feeling 
They really created a cool world for these fun characters to play in.... color me STOKED!
> "And Jack Jack?"

> "He's in excellent health"



Something about his delivery made me cackle
It's amazing to see just how far the animation has progressed from the first film. Just look at the details on those characters. 


Is it just me or are the voices off? I know there’s a new actor for dash but him and Helen are the only ones that sound right. Am I weird?
I’ve haven’t been this excited for a Pixar movie in years
The music! The animation! The dialogue! This movie is going to be great
Shadman's getting new content.
"Why would they change maths?!" :D
The Incredibles is my favorite Pixar movie, and one of my all time favorite superhero movies. My excitement for this is on par with Infinity War. Which, thinking about it, is *insane*. There have been so many Marvel movies to build up to Infinity War, compared to just one other Incredibles movie. The Incredibles was just *that good*. 
God I hope the "overwhelmed dad at home trope" doesn't take too much of the movie.
Uuuh, Violet gets new powers.
"Suit up it might get weird" i laughed at that line 
Been too long man, been too long. Awfully glad it's finally happening for real.
I'm a little worried that it could just be a greatest hits of the first one. The scene with Edna, the role reversal of the parents, and the jokes with Frozone's wife. Hopefully they're showing those because it's the trailer and there are more original ideas in it. I'm optimistic, though. 
Welp.

I'll be there on opening weekend.

However [is there any chance that Screen Slaver is *not* the exec talking about needing to bring superheroes back?](#spoiler)
Frozone's wife gonna get all the best lines. 
Glad they’re not just fighting that mole guy.
[deleted]
VIOLET CAN LAUNCH ENERGY DISKS!!!!!
Op ass kid.

I wonder what his legit ability is.
So Screenslaver is totally gonna end up being the guy who brought in Mrs. incredible, and justify his actions so "the public would realize they need hero's again" right?
I'm hoping Bob Odenkirks character isn't Screenslaver, would feel too similar to the first. 
Portal 3 confirmed. 
I've had that math argument with my son. Thanks Common Core.
I noticed Helen make some comment about having to break the law to make things better and give their kids a chance so....wild theory, maybe the new bosses start by setting up crimes for Elastigirl to stop, or Elastigirl helps set up the crimes.

I DON'T KNOW BUT I SURE AM EXCITED TO FIND OUT WHAT SHE MEANS
ITS FINALLY HAPPENING
Thank God they didn't name this movie "Incredible Mom"... We all know what happened with [Mars Needs Moms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_Needs_Moms)
Calling it right now, the villain in this movie is the one who wants supers back, they have the same facial features and it makes the sequel a complete role reversal. ( manufacturing a villain to make heroes vs manufacturing a hero to get rid of all others.)
I find Holly Hunters voice to be like slow, Southern fingernails running down the blackboard of my mind.
At least he knows where his supersuit is this time
I hope we finally get to see Frozone's wife in this.
Elastigirl's ass is incredible 🍑
Haha Bob Odenkirk’s character looks so much like him - will be fun seeing him Pixar-ified
For a moment I thought Samuel L Jackson swore in that trailer when Frozone says, "What the...?"

But it was simply my brain automatically adding 'fuck' to anything he says.
“I don’t know how to do it that way! Why would they change math! Math is math!” As a parent I have had this exact experience! 
They really made the guy look like Bob Odenkirk too
It's showtime, folks!
Damn I'm so much more excited for this now, this trailer makes it seem like so much more than just a 'Elastigirl does mission, Bob does babysitting' that the others did.

Also, calling it now, I reckon Bob Odenkirk's character is going to be the 'real' villain.
Guaranteed he’s the bad guy in the mask.
I want Edna to make him a new fancy one too, and I really want the hysterical interactions with his wife about it. 
At least honey learned since the last time about the greater good. 
I'm so glad it looks like there's going to be a lot of action with Frozone in this one, he has the coolest power imo (no pun intended).
Once again, his girl steals the show with one line.

"Where you goin' ASAP?  You better be back ASAP."
Frozone's wife is my favorite character and we don't even know what she looks like
Pixar is getting pretty good at this animation thing.
Lol imagine if Saul Goodman is their family lawyer and covers up for them when they get in trouble for destroying city property.
But wait, weren’t there supers at their wedding though? 
I cant help but think he's sleazy, just from his voice. He probably lured the incredibles in with a cheesy, low budget commercial. He will never not be Saul goodman.
> no one is supposed to know they’re married.

Seems like that cat would be out of the bag when the fam showed up in the middle of the city in an elastigirl hanglider wearing the same uniform to fight robots / moles.
I’m really looking forward to Giacchino’s new tracks. The music is definitely one of the best parts of the original. It’s got such a unique vibe.
Right in the nostalgia.
The music style in the Incredibles is a pretty big part of why I love TF2 so much. Similar kind of style, absolutely love it.
Trumpet players rejoice!
Its got a nice old school feel to it, especially compared to live action superhero movies.
He's in excellent health
Teleportation, portal manipulation (which I assume is the baby's power), fire cloak/manipulation, Hulk-mode, shapeshifting (based on the last movie), laser eyes. What DOESN'T jack-jack have??
Are Jack Jack’s diapers fireproof? Because that’s not a smell I would want to deal with.
Bob: "Please Nerf. PLEASE NERF!"
Amusingly though he's way less powerful than the son of stretchy-smart-man and invisible-forcefield-woman: god-like-being-to-whom-the-fabric-of-reality-is-a-child's-plaything.
We will watch his progress with great interest. 
Every hero needs a name right? He shall henceforth be named

Deus Ex.
Dash tabs into the speedforce lmao
In layman's terms, speedy thing goes in, speedy thing comes out
Based on the [character descriptions](https://ohmy.disney.com/news/2018/01/22/incredibles-2-cast/) we got a couple months ago, it could be the power of the new super doing that. Or, it could be Jack-Jack doing it, as seen at the beginning of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJDMWVZta3M) teaser (a bit different but maybe showing it's possible).
https://thumbs.gfycat.com/VillainousWeeBarracuda-size_restricted.gif

I'm still tweaking it to try to line up the ends perfectly.
I hope she stays offscreen for the entire movie to continue the gag.
I'm still waiting for the new album to drop also
I have a feeling Frozone & his wife's interactions are gonna be some of the best highlights of the movie.
I'm the greatest good you're ever gonna get!
“Honey, where’s my super suit?”
His wife in the original had me laughing so much, I'm glad they've kept her in
Yeah some scenes they definitely have taken lines from different scenes/shots and put them over others.
[deleted]
I noticed it only at the final scene with Frozone and his wife and with Bob talking to him. They definitely swapped audio for that.
She was 35 for the first one and she's 48 now.  So you're not far off.
The voice actress is 49.
She does too! And she sounds different from the first movie...
Could it be a bit intentional? In the first scenes it kinda looks like Vi is trying to take the *mom* role now that Helen is working outside the household.
Fuck you, now I can't unhear that she's middle-aged.
She kinda sounds like Krysten Ritter (aka Jessica Jones)
His voice sounds like Craig T. Nelson.
Edit: Not a Spoiler Warning but a..."Plausable Theory Warning", I guess?

Calling it now:

Bob Odenkirk's character either is Screenslaver or is working for him.

The plan is to use Elastigirl's adventures to "get Supers back into the spotlight" which will get people to watch their TVs more and more to see her fighting and saving people from threats (that will probably be manufactured by Screenslaver).

Once Elastigirl has unwittingly maximized the number of people that are tuning in to watch her, Screenslaver will spring his hypnotic message.

Just like that one episode of Justice League where Joker broadcasts the League saving Las Vegas from his bombs, only to reveal a psychic girl was turning the viewers insane through the TV the whole time.
I'm not sure how I feel about a Pixar movie that tickles my niche fetish. If he manages to get Helen...wow.
As a motorcycle enthusiast Mrs.Incredible's downshift into 1st when taking off on the motorcycle is was finally sold me on Pixar's insane attention to detail. No one ever animates shifting gears on a motorcycle. They even included the little click the bike makes when shifting. I swear if they animate the gear shifts throughout action sequences too I'll lose my shit.
> Also the score sounds INCREDIBLE 

(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
If you really look at Toy Story, it frequently looks like shit. But the story, music and voice acting just suck you in. Same with The Incredibles.
Wow, so the original Incredibles trailer was shittily put together too.

Hopefully that means the new one will be good.
The greatest-good protecting the greater-good. 
Excuse Me? Who cares about the suit when we all know that she's the greatest good he's ever gonna get?


But he also looks like Bob Odenkirk.
You've just made me realise how hilarious and kind of out of place Lee Mack's voice would be in a Pixar movie, and now I want it.
I would enjoy Bob Odenkirk on WILTY
Speedy thing goes in; speedy thing comes out.
[Last movie had Dash running so fast he could run on water](https://youtu.be/t5v2qBBD-gE?t=2m17s)

Wonder what other things they'll discover they can do. 
Edna Mode should be in every superhero movie. Tell me The Avengers wouldn't be even cooler if she designed all their suits.

(It's all owned by Disney, they could do it if they wanted to.)
Last time someone said something like that we got the Minions movie..
PIXAR: I AM HERE FOR AN EDNA MODE MOVIE THX
Edna is in the trailer for literally 4 seconds...
This is going to be the first movie I take my twin two year-olds to. It was one of the first movies my wife and I saw when we got married. 
They’ll ALL be eating Tony-loaf.
I’m not gonna lie I was thinking the same thing. Maybe Screenslaver was an original villain from the Golden Age and Tony has adopted the mantle. Perhaps theres a whole subplot in which Bob focuses more on Dash’s homework and looking after JackJack, he doesn’t recognize that his daughter is dating a blooming villain.
Everyone has aged over a decade, so they are bound to sound different.
I noticed Craig T. Nelson’s voice seemed a bit higher/softer, but it could be the lines. He is 74. 
I was just thinking that Mr incredible sounded horribly off. After watching some of the first one, I think it's the same guy just more nasaly or not as deep a voice or something. 
I don't think I've been this excited for a movie in years.
*Incredible*

FTFY
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/280/270/dfc.jpg
https://imgur.com/YM1SKQI
He may be a disgusting pervert but he's our disgusting pervert
Those scenes with Helen on the bed in a robe.. hmmmyas
God damn that man has made himself a force of degenerate personality
[>shadman] (https://img.fireden.net/v/image/1498/43/1498439712824.jpg)
Oh god no but yes and no. 
Disney taking on [~~Common Core~~ janky ass math](http://hechingerreport.org/common-core-math-problem-hard-supporters-common-core-respond-problematic-math-quiz-went-viral/) lol

(Edit: Common Core is something else and I had a misconception)
That's so accurate, actually. It's exactly what my Dad said when I was in elementary school and he had to help me with the homeworks.
to be fair none of the MCU movies have *the greatest good you're ever gonna get*
I'm getting the feeling this is only a part of it. The fact the villain isn't even present for more than a second makes me think most of this is the first Act or so.
From this trailer it seems like that's less of it imo, the previous promotional material made it look like that's all Bob was doing in it but it looks like he and Frozone are going to be much more central to the main plot. At least I hope so.
My prediction:

Overwhelmed dad/superhero mom fighting street crime will probably be the first act. Second act will be introduction of villain, discovery of jack jack's powers with Edna, encounter with villain to show that he's more of a problem than originally thought. Third act will be everyone suiting up to band together and take out villain, and this is where jack jack's newfound powers will be instrumental to destruction of villain.

Setup, conflict, resolution.

At least that's what I think. Looks like there will also be some stuff with violet rejecting the superhero status, re: her putting the suit in the garbage disposal. 
I suppose if she can make force bubbles then, with a bit of motivation and practice, she can fling force blades or whatever the heck those were. Makes sense to me.
I imagine if her powers work like Invisible Woman’s then her forcefields basically act as constructs.
She's basically like Sue Storm/Invisible Woman in the Fantastic Four, who started out just making herself invisible, but was eventually able to make invisible constructs as well.
*15 years too late*

Joking, of course... I’m super hyped for this!
[deleted]
He probably is, thats how these movies work.



almost 100% that is what is going to happen. They could [pull a big hero 6 with the villain not being who you think. But big hero 6 already did that.](#spoiler)
They probably fight the Underminer in the first 5 minutes - he was in an earlier trailer.
That was the plot to the videogame https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Incredibles:_Rise_of_the_Underminer

It was kind of meh.
Jack-jack
He's a "jack of all trades". 
Jack-Jack?

His powers were described in the b-roll of the first movie as being a nod towards childrens ability to become anything, y'know as we tell children "work hard and you might become the president"
Both of their faces are uniquely long...
I showed some common core problems to a friend of my wife's who has a masters in math. Her comment? "Well, yeah you could solve it that way, but why the hell would you want to?"
She's breaking the law because Supers are illegal. Going out in her suit and saving the day is against the law. 
I think she should stay hidden. That's the whole idea of the character haha 
[deleted]
[Practically twins.](https://i.imgur.com/W4s4Ll2.png)
and just looked at the IMDB cast list, and Mike is in it too!
In the same boat, I was really nervous too because that's exactly what it looked like. 

[deleted]
That seems super obvious no?
As long as we get more Edna, I'm all in.
Where'd you get this suit. Who you been seein'?! 
...the greater good...
We learned that she’s the greatest good he’s ever gonna get.
"Never heard that one before..."
I bet animating Frozone using Jackson's audio has to be so much fun. There's just so much there to work with. 
Yeah they have come a long way since Toy Story. I love seeing visually how much progress they've made with their animation when revisiting characters from their older films. 

They've always been great at the story thing <cough, nosuchthingasthegooddino, cough>

I know you're kidding but that's pretty much already the role of Rick Dicker from the first one, who's going to be played by Jonathan Banks (Mike Ehrmantraut). 

I'd honestly love it if Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul were in it somewhere too, they've both done a good amount of voice work before.
I meant like the general public. So if they don’t know who this new guy is, they probably wouldn’t want to advertise that they’re married with a family and matching suits. 
Syndrome seemed pretty surprised to realize they were married, so it’s definitely not exactly common knowledge 
most of them are dead
I think that's on purpose - I'd be really surprised if his character who "just wants to help bring supers back for the greater good" or whatever *doesn't* have some sort of ulterior motive.
He's definitely also the guy on the screens at the end
Giacchino is one of my favorite movie composers. He knows how to bring energy to his scores. The new Star Trek and Mission Impossible are some great examples.
Giacchino’s Pixar scores are incredible.
No school like the old school.
Inject Wayne Bergeron directly into my brain. 
the 5 o clock shadow and his eyebags alone cracked me up
*^disappears ^into ^a ^lightning ^cloud*
Who wants a num num cookie?
The Incredibles are a riff on the Fantastic Four, and the son of Mr. Fantastic/Invisible Woman is an all powerful god who can do everything from telekinesis to creating universes. Jack-Jack is clearly inspired by him.
I don’t think the baby gets all those powers. If I remember correctly kids kind of go through a phase we’re they find out what power is theirs.
object permanence
Material/density. Remember he went pure metal on syndrome. 
I'm sure Edna wouldn't mind throwing in special diapers with Jack Jack's new suit.
I feel more sorry for Dash... who wants a little brother who can already kick their ass?
Well he's still a baby and since he's based off of that character it wouldn't be crazy to think their power would be comparable. I doubt they will have the universe building in the movies to show it though.
[deleted]
"Incredibles 3: Dashpoint"
Wheeeeeeee-*static*
I think it’s jack-jack because during that scene dash has jack-jack strapped to his chest.
I can't wait for the Salon article that calls racism/sexism for keeping her offscreen. 
A$AP Frozone?
Wasn't there a petition to get the Obamas to reenact the scene with Frozone and his wife from the fist movie? I still think that would be hilarious
mixtape*
It's good that they seem to have recognised all the best stuff of the first one for this one, I just hope it still feels fresh and different. 
I hope we meet her and she’s a skinny blonde chick. 
They were definitely a funny part last movie. Let's hope they capture that fire in a bottle this time without feeling forced. 
Why do you need to know?
The last exchange over the phone is clearly dubbed with different lines. 
I'm guessing it's still having it's final cut being made?
Mr. Incredible is also 74 years old (Craig T. Nelson).
Holy shit
"Is she having adolescence?"

"Sounds more like menopause."
And this is literally her only VA role ever.
Yeah all the voices sound a tad different but I guess it was expected given how long it's been. 
Ohhhh! Could be the twist! 
I think you're right and now I kinda wish I didn't read this =/
Too obvious, i bet he's either unaware he's already being controlled or unrelated to the villain's plans alltogether

100% Elestigirl gets hypnotized
It's going to be a golden age for us mind control niggas
Dude, in the first incredibles movie, elastigirl uses completely accurate language during the plane sequence as she approaches the island (with missles in tow). Like if someone from the military was in that exact same situation, the same exact words could be used. The detail just for that is amazing, let alone what they have done to advance hair physics and water physics in animation.
At least Ratatouille, WALL-E, and Up still look great.
It doesn't hurt that most of the characters are made of plastic. 
Disney has improved their marketing and they've also created a super hero acceptance heavy market. It'll do gang busters.
Who looks like Kevin Costner.
Lee Mack/David Mitchell animal buddy movie
Can't explain that!
He better no go back in fucking time
NO CAPES!
Played by....Tilda Swinton?
I wouldn't even need to see her make new suits, just critique the ones they already have. "HAWKEYE DHAAALING this black, so drab. Absolutely criminal you got rid of the purple. And Thor, the cape YOUMUSTLOSEITRIGHTNOW!"
And it was enough to come to that conclusion, honestly
THATS IT
[deleted]
Link is sfw 
He may be a total edgelord with a poor grasp on anatomy but he's our total edgelord with a poor grasp on anatomy
I dunno what was hotter there, Helen or those *sexy cloth physics*~
[Uh Huh](https://imgur.com/a/H2STG)
Shadman taking one for the team and becoming an ultra degenerate himself so the rest of humanity doesn't become a little more degenerate.
no - this is much more likely to be a reference to "New Math", which was implemented in the states around the 1960's. The "New Math" attempted to teach some of the more abstract concepts from modern algebra within a high school setting, as well as introduce different number base systems and stuff. 

Of course, the problem wasn't that "they're changing math", it was that they were teaching math that the parents hadn't learnt themselves, same for a lot of teachers (unfortunately). 

Re common core - I don't know enough about it, but I've read good things. And it seems that a similar "I DIDN'T LEARN IT LIKE THAT JUST DO WHAT I DID" thing is happening in a lot of places. 

I *have* seen videos such as the lady teachers testifying against common core in a local council meeting or something ( in america ), but I don't think that this is enough evidence against it. Perhaps the curriculum wasn't implemented very well there, I'm not sure ( I don't want to say that this lady, and those like her, don't have points). 

I think I recall reading Hung Wu talk positively about common core, as well as others (a chap called collin who writes dummies books and is active on reddit). 

So, I hope that people are able to refrain from being so reactive and appreciate that reforming maths education isn't a bad thing. Why some people get so emotionally attached to stuff like a long division algorithm they can't even explain or derive I've no idea. 

There are further steps necessary imo, such as a reduction in physics leaning topics and an increase in Statistics. Physics is relatively useless for most people but is still disproportionately used due to it's legacy (it was at the centre of many discoveries) and the curriculum that current curriculum's are based on. Much more beneficial to people and society would be having a foundation in statistics and logic. I really don't even remotely care if someone doesn't know how to re-write sin() in terms of cosine(). But I do think that it's important for someone to know whether a study makes any sense, or roughly what kind of sample size should be appropriate in studies they're presented with ( by newspapers etc) as facts. 


I think they are actually talking about New Math which was introduced into US educational curriculum in the 1960s. I think it's just another nod toward the mid-century vibe they try and invoke with the film.
> The fact the villain isn't even present for more than a second makes me think most of this is the first Act or so

Spot on. Nearly all of this trailer's action is from the Underminer fight which should be the first few minutes of the movie. We got a couple shots of Elastigirl in action but it was very brief.
The Frozone train tracks scene looks amazing. God, what a creative use of his powers.
Those bits are probably all from near the beginning. Remember the Underminer at the end of the last one and how gigantic drill? I saw a lot of drills. 
> Looks like there will also be some stuff with violet rejecting the superhero status, re: her putting the suit in the garbage disposal. 

That seems like some sort of lashing out over the fact that her mom is constantly away on work. It kinda looked like it was her moms suit given how elastic it seemed to be.
Yeah, a plot point of the first movie was that the kids weren’t allowed to explore their powers to their full potential, thus the scenes where the plane crashes because Violet doesn’t know how to make a force field big enough and Dash figures out he can run on water. 

It makes sense that now that they’re actually allowed to practice, they would develop much more robust abilities. 
This guy superheros.
At one point in the first movie Violet is trying to project her forcefield around a campfire, implying her fields don't necessarily need to be localized around her.
Well the Incredibles IS the best Fantastic 4 film ever made
Violet OP plz Nerf. I hope dash explores his super speed more 2. Wanna see some windmill arms. Phasing might b a bit advanced right now
I’VE DONE MY WAITING! 15 YEARS OF IT!  IN AZKABAN!
I have faith in him and Pixar, I'm just not 100% certain it will be great. It's far more likely to be great than terrible.
Plot twist: it's Bomb Voyage
You mean they could [pull a (insert most any superhero movie) with the villain not being who you think.](#spoiler)
Oh my god
I think his powers are also a reference to Franklin Richards aka the son of Mr. Fantastic and Invisible Woman.
[deleted]
Elasthiccgirl
I feel like if you compared it to a picture of Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill it'd be even closer, the hair would be way more similar.
He's the kind of fella that looks like he sounds.
He plays [Rick Dicker](https://i.imgur.com/eqqflPX.png).
No way! That's great!
I really hope he isn't Screenslaver but their head shapes are practically the same and it might make sense I guess
Well given there seems to be a hypnotism sequence from the trailer, maybe someone from the gency representing elastigirl has a mind control super power to try and get everyone to accept super powers again. 
I mean, it is essentially a kid's movie. I hope they don't go down that route, we've seen it quite a bit recently in other animated stuff (idk the douche from Frozen comes to mind) so it would be good to see them subvert that, we'll see I guess.
He's either going to be the villain or will be accused of being the villain at the start of the third act but will turn out to be a red herring.
Edna Mode is one of my favorite animated characters of all time. I love that eccentric woman!
Shut it!
Animation limitations is actually the reason their first movie was about toys. Pixar knew they could not animate good-looking humans for an entire film, so they chose toys because CG characters already looked like plastic. 
$12B in grosses can speed up the progress, I reckon.
And they've come a really long way since the original release of Luxo Jr.
YEAH BITCH, SUPERS!!! OHHH
Can they continue [the breakfast rap?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnZjoDN0UUA)
That's a good point. If they showed up in the red suits, he might be like "Oh, I saw those suits on the news. Also there were kids with superpowers wearing them too."

Mind you, he still would have seen people shaped exactly like Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl, and who had the same powers, but this is a universe where a tiny black mask covering just your eyes can conceal your identity, so I buy it.
Yeah but that's because the supers were forcibly retired pretty much right after the Parrs got married, then they were relocated by the government and stayed out of the limelight. 
you married...ELSTAGIRL?! and got BESSAAYY
> greater good

He's Tau.

PURGE THE XENO
I think he did really well with Star Wars as well. Some of it fell a bit flat but when you have to make music live up to John Williams it’s going to be a little tough.
He was on the Wait Wait podcast and he talked about how during the score for UP, the orchestra kept having to take breaks cause they were nearly in tears 
NANI!!
He has a name you know... It's Franklin. :)
>telekinesis to creating universes

Going from 0 to 100 right there
Dude is so stupidly OP he made Galactus *his* herald in one scenario
Ah yes, I remember when I went through that phase.

Unfortunately I ended up with the power of insomnia.
But then why does Frozone seem so weirded out by it? Shouldn’t he pretty much know about this phase since he watched Violet and Dash grow up?
Or his name could imply something. Like Violet’s power is the ability to create force fields (ultraviolet light). Dash well... dashes fast. And Jack Jack is the jack of all trades?
Ah, basically like school, where you're thrown a bunch of subjects and see what sticks?
I think he's generally a **jack** of all trades. 
This isn't in the first Incredible movie, did you just make it up?
source?
they never implied something like that in the first movie 
Jack Jack gave Dash the run for his money
Assuming Dash's power set is roughly analogous to the Flash, I'm sure he'll be just fine.
Given he's probably only a few years away from being a teenager, I wouldn't bet on it. 

Source: was teenager
Every day, Barry Allen considers fucking the timeline.

Don't be like Barry Allen.  Let the timeline be.
Wait wat
Definitely jack jack doing it. In Jack Jack Attack he wad floating around the house using portals at some point. Looked pretty similar to the ones in this trailer too.
*Incredibles 2 (or as I like to call it “More Incredible Yt Pepo 2”) continues the tired stereotype that proud Women Of Color are nothing more than shrill nagging voices to be heard but never seen, driving their husbands away and into the arms of the super nice and super cool yt family down the street.  Why can’t we see Frozone’s wife?  Why can’t we have a WOC Superhero?  We have plenty of yt pepo superheroes in the film, both men and women, young and old.  We even have a Man Of Color: Frozone, the Incredibles’ sassy black sidekick and ice minstrel, coming to help his masters at their every beck and call.  But Frozone’s wife?  Not only does this proud WOC not get to join the team and develop her own super powers, she doesn’t even get seen on screen.  Why?  Is she too shapely for their little superhero team?  Does her naturally voluptuous figure somehow threaten the sexual appeal of twig-like yt woman Invisigirl?  Maybe it’s time for a fat black woman superhero.  Also, can we talk for a minute about how Frozone’s wife’s entire character is nothing more than a single gag and not even a funny one at that.  The audience LAUGHS at this beautiful woman’s pain as she just wants her husband, her man, to stay in with her and fulfill HER needs for once instead of going out and playing superhero with his yt friends.  The audience LAUGHS at her for trying to stand up for herself and express HER needs.  It’s disgusting.  I walked out of the theater literally shaking with anger and pain for this poor Woman Of Color.  Trapped in her home while her husband is out with another woman (a yt woman nonetheless and her entire yt family).  Listen, I am not asking for much.  My request is very simple.  Disney/Pixar need to kill off all the yt Incredibles and introduce a new family of beautiful humans with a 👏🏾 little 👏🏾 more 👏🏾 melanin 👏🏾 in their skin.  Also, ditch the very aggressively yt european name “The Incredibles” and change the last name to something more modern and ethnically sensitive for this new family: Something like the “Those Fantassyquess” or something.  That’s literally all we’re asking.  Is that really too hard?*
Nothing like getting preemptively offended over something that hasn't happened 
Titled

"Where's My $uper$uit?!"
Lil Frozo
Lord Pretty Flacko Froyo
A$AP Hockey
I’m calling it, that’s how Michelle announces her run for president, this but with the roles reversed.
I'm surprised they haven't done it yet since there was a petition. Obama loves that kind of shit. 
*playlist -Drake
I feel like some of the Mr.incredible looking after his kids stuff is a down to the film taking 14 years to come out. People who watched that as a kid can watch it as an adult with children.
After 14 years, I think it's all going to feel fresh.
OMG yes.

With the  "I'd like to speak to the manager" hairdo.
lmao
I need it!
Possibly trying to hide important plot points?
This is not uncommon in trailers, the editors are creating their own thing. 

Picking and choosing from hundreds of lines of dialogue and arranging them in a manner that is impactful and plainly selling the story to fit in a couple of minutes isn't easy, sometimes you need to cheat a bit.   
Craig is 74 and sounds like shit, how do we bring him back?

Uh... How about he's the one that has to stay at home with the baby, so he's all run down and exhausted?

Perfect, run with it. 
We wait another 14 years for Pt 3 the poor man's going to be approaching 90...
I think she was a radio host though, so she has experience.
Dash got a new VA entirely. All things considered he sounds pretty good.
Or a money saving technique!
Somehow reddit managed to spoil a movie that hasnt even come out yet.  Amazing 
This was my thought exactly when I saw the trailer, the Dr. Doom guy is Bob Odenkirk. The thing is, I am still excited to see it go down. I might know the beginning and end somewhat, but the adventure in between is what will make me leave the theater with a smile.
For now. They're more recent. 
The toys are mostly still good, but the environments and the (oh God) humans are not... as good. 
it worked because I believed it
David: When I was a young grasshopper, instead of learning the fiddle I obsessively hoarded grains even though I had more than enough for 3 winters.

Lee: Well that one is obviously true.
My god they would never get anything done, David Mitchell would go on some hihlarious rant and derail everything.
"No capes?! What is dis 2004? We use Velcro now dahling, capes ah in again." -Edna Mode - Incredibles 2, probably.
Danny DeVito.
She's already in the MCU
Brad Bird in drag, obviously.
What's the story with shadman? Also that link is literally just a picture of Winslow from Catdog walking into his wall with the name Shadman underneath the image in Fallout-style text.
And an obsession with tattoos, pubic hair, anal, futa, makeup and piercings...excuse me for a moment.
I think the main problem people have with common core math is that if a kid actually knows how to do the math already, he's punished for doing it a different way.  Its standardizing and micromanaging math teachers, and that's why parents and teachers on tnhe ground don't like it.  
Yeah it literally says "New Math" on Dash's textbook.
Exactly what I was thinking.
The running on water scene is so fucking good, the way he laughs, how the music cuts out, God, pure gold
Can't wait for Dash to tap into the speed-force / travel in time.
Bro you can’t just out a guys secret identity like that
Dash is fast

Violet as in Shrinking violet
Its crazy how they keep making him look so young on Saul. 
Also known as the "Reverse H. Jon Benjamin."
> He plays [~~Rick Dicker~~ Tommy Lee Jones.](https://i.imgur.com/eqqflPX.png)

its so obvious, I think they're pulling a fakeout and it won't be him after all.
Incredibles, Frozen, Big Hero 6, Coco...

All of them contain a twist with the villain, whether it's their true identity or their motivations.

But it would be odd to repeat that story point twice for the Incredibles 2, and since this will be a sequel, there's no character that previously established that could embody the dual role of villain that has a connection to the Incredible's past.

My guess is that Odenkirk's character is looking to play both sides of the issue. To bring back both supers and villains either as entertainment for the masses or some form of control through chaos. It'll be revealed that he's Screenslaver, but it won't be used to the same effect as Syndrome or other villains like I mentioned above and instead be pretty straight forward. And that the subversion of exceptions will actually come from the Mr. Incredible/Elastigirl relationship instead.
DAHLING
So much packed into a tiny, insane, awesome, wise, and absolutely badass package. 
No luck catching them killers then?
And the scene in Toy Story 2 with the toy cleaner (who was also based on Geri from Geri's game) was used to show how good CG animation could look at the time.
they also couldnt animate humans for a short amount of time

that baby will steal your soul
It's more of that computers are a shit ton faster than they were in ~1995. The fastest super computer at the time had around ~200Gflops of peformance. The fastest super computer today has about ~93Pflops. 1 petaflop is equal to 1000 teraflops. Which is equal to 1000 gigaflops.

One scene in a movie like this can take months to render. They will take shortcuts whenever they can. But if they can make it take the same amount of time and look nicer, they will do that instead.

Fun fact, Pixar's ~~animation~~ render software can downloaded for free.

https://renderman.pixar.com/

EDIT: Bonus fun fact. [Toy Story 2 nearly died.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dhp_20j0Ys)
It would be a different direction for Pixar, but I'd watch it
"Supers, BITCH!"
Wait, it can't do that in real life?!? Shit
Wait.

I though the red suit ones were like, Elastigirl 2 and Mr Incredible 2.

Are you telling me Elastigirl 2 and Mr Incredible 2 are just Elastigirl and Mr Incredible?
Which is the point of being relocated and means it worked 
Nothing personnel, kid.
Jack Jack as Franklin Richards makes so much sense now. 
Haha yup. He has "low-level" powers and omnipotent cosmic god-like powers that that fluctuate wildly. There's a cool and well supported fan theory that he [subconsciously controls everything in the Marvel Universe](http://zak-site.com/Great-American-Novel/ff_franklin.html). Every time something is rebooted or a character returns from the dead it's because Franklin Richards made it happen. Not even the other god-like characters in Marvel will fuck with him. Mephisto, who is basically Satan/Lucifer in the MU, is terrified of Franklin's powers. 
I hear that is a shitty power, all you have to do is take a cold shower and it doesn't even work all that well.
This is a theory someone came up with, I don't know why it's being repeated like fact.
Maybe it's the teleporting thing, I imagine if they haven't seen a super with that power it must be pretty wild.
Or the hulk mode is his true power because he gets jacked
> And Jack Jack is the jack of all trades

fucking why did this not dawn on me sooner. I feel dumb now.
Violet’s force fields are violet colored, that’s true, but I think her defining characteristic in the first movie was being a “shrinking violet” — one eye hiding behind her own hair, being so shy she turned invisible when a boy looked at her, putting up force fields around herself (although by the end of the film it seems as if she was outgrowing that phase already.)
No, somebody else made it up, and they believe everything they read on the internet.
I read a fan theory that said that once. I would wager that’s what he/she is thinking of. 
  
It certainly wasn’t stated in the movie. 
He seems more on Comic Book Quicksilver level. Or maybe 1st season Flash. 
I'm interested in this R34.
https://i.redd.it/lubpsj6nh1rx.png
It's a recurring joke about The Flash (DC superhero) that goes fast enough to travel through time and constantly goes to a different time period and fucks things up for the rest of the non-time-traveling folk. 
> Does her naturally voluptuous figure somehow threaten the sexual appeal of twig-like yt woman Invisigirl?

Bruh you know Elastigirl thicc af
This is satire of the highest quality.
Plot twist: frozone's wife is white.
Holy shit, this is too accurate.
Alright I gotta be honest, what is Yt Pepo? White people? I think that's what it is, but I want to be sure.
It's Social Justice Mad Libs at this point.
I.NEED.MY.$UPER$UIT.A$AP
Young Froze
what about those of us who watched it as a kid and still are kids? what do we get?

Holy shit, it's been that long?!
To be fair, there were 13 years between Finding Nemo and Finding Dory so let's not make any assumptions about whether it'll feel fresh or like a retread just yet. 
I'm gonna go with this, I like this idea. Pixar has never been one to reveal too much in the trailers, nice to think they're saving some stuff for the theater itself.
It is very hard to make a sequel more than a decade later. 
I don't have kids, but I have a 10 week old puppy, so that's the same thing, right?

... right? 


...guys? 


That's fine we just kill him offscreen and say some shit like he died of superhernia or something.
Dash's old VA is on tour right now with Charly Bliss so if I had to guess it would have been pretty hard to get him in. Dude is only like late 20's/early 30's though.
I'm sure Reddit already knows every single twist and plotpoint over at /r/Westworld already.
We've got a Pixar screenwriter here.
Can we have sentient capes, Edna? Clearly Dr. Strange's fashion cues could only have come from a mind as yours. 
This became a meme in the fandom for a popular superhero manga, My Hero Academia, after a story arc about rescuing a girl with the ability to erase powers from an abusive crime family. In it the hero Lemillion uses his cape as a blanket for her, proclaiming that capes are for draping over hurt children. 
“Suicide is NOT badass! No capes!”
[Danny DeVito's interpretation of Edna Mode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TBQ9rD686c)
Whoops, dropped my MAGNUM CAPE for my MAGNUM SUIT.
[deleted]
You forgot the kids. Unlike Shad.
IMO that's often a problem with teachers, in that , they're sometimes not that good at the subject and want it done how they've shown it etc etc. However, I do agree that having *one* fixed approach to doing a maths problem is fantastically stupid. The idea of a child being punished / marked poorly for answering something in a different way is ridiculous. 

There are some instances, where one is expected to show that they understand a particular method, where this is more understandable. For example, if someones evaluating a limit and just uses L'Hopitals when they were expected to show some kind of algebraic manipulation or whatever then I guess that's fair... Though this is murky. 

Bottom line is that I agree with you, this "one way the right way" mentality that some have is a problem with the delivery. Ack. You can read maths books through to the early 20th century and see the same old complaints about things. 
Dashpoint
Or Ultra Violet waves?
It’s mostly the hair, and clever little wardrobe decisions like having him wear semi-tight jeans and sneakers when not at work.  They do such a good job with it that I don’t even realize most of the time he’s 55.  And yet they somehow also make him believably brothers with a 70 year old Michael McKean.  They really have a next-level makeup and wardrobe department on that show.  
A "Reverse H. Jon Benjamin" sounds like something that would cost $350 at the Mustang Ranch.
For those wondering, the original voice actor, Bud Luckey, was dealing with an illness and died in February :(
Brad Bird plays her so well.
TIL Brad Bird plays her voice.
I can literally hear the music from that scene in my head now you've reminded me of it, so memorable. 
I feel like it's every other day we reach a new watermark for how far we've come in CG. Just the other day I heard that one character in Zootopia had more individual hairs than all characters in Frozen, combined.
Nearly 20 years later and that scene is still incredible.
You know by releasing renderman to everyone they are really just scouting for talent.
So basically, they could render the original Toy Store in realtime nowadays?
Fun thought, technology has progressed so much that Toy Story in Kingdom Hearts 3 looks better than the first two movies. Now we can render in real time what took them hours, days or even weeks to render.
LPT: covering the bottom of your face is more effective at concealing your identity than covering the top. As demonstrated in the documentary Captain America: Winter Soldier.
Yeah, you might wanna find a lawyer. 
I've known you my whole life! I've seen you naked! You don't think I would recognize you because I can't see your cheekbones? 
Finally someone says it right on the first try!!!!
I mean power wise Violet is clearly Sue, Elastigirl is Mr Fantastic, Dash is Johnny (more personality wise than power there) and Mr Incredible is The Thing. so yeah Jack-Jack as Franklin Richards is just logical. They're basically the Fantastic Four (Five ?).
I assume its like getting into an argument with a bipolar psychotic, it could be fine and well talked or they could stab you in the eye with a fork they hid in their sleeve because you proved them wrong. Why risk it?
Maybe I missed it, but was that teleporting? I thought he went invisible and they were trying to find him
They'd rather not talk about what happens when he gets to be a hormonal teenager
[deleted]
That's pretty much all of the CW Flash as is.
/r/timestop [nsfw]
You so right
Elastigirl is probably a main reason why I'm down with the thiccness, her and Jane from Tarzan.
Her powers mean she can be as thicc as she wants to.
Is it real, or really good copypasta?  

I can't tell.
It is, but yt can be "whitey" too. Learned the meaning from another comment just now lol. I'm wondering if yt is actually a thing or made up for this satire?
a kickass sequel
[deleted]
The kids who grew up watching Incredibles could have their own kids by now...
It definitely seems this way, considering so many of the action scene seem to be from the Mole Man fight.
The most extreme example is Brave, I think. None of the pre-release marketing gave any indication that the plot of the film was about the Mom being transformed into a bear. (Spoiler!) It was entirely about Merida chafing against her place in the world.

For a couple days, after the critic’s screenings but before the actual release, social media was full of people saying "It's...ah, not what you think..."

EDIT: Thinking about this some more, this is a pretty good illustration of how Pixar is different. Any other animation studio would have foregrounded the wacky bear plot in their marketing, and minimized the personal growth plot. Even though I think Brave is one of Pixar’s lesser efforts, this is a great example of what’s important to them.
"Superhernia"
That got me good
I mean I figure they also didn't want 10 year old Dash to have the voice of a dude in his mid twenties.
But when you are at home

*unzips*
Got it. Well, that link up there is exactly what I said it was. Nothing NSFW in it. But yeah, I don't blame you for not opening it at work knowing what you know.
Wait a minute, Michael McKean is 70?
Luckey*

He was also a character designer and designed Woody.
I'm so glad they kept him as her VA. Cannot imagine Edna any other way.
Did not know, love Brad Bird even more now. He's now passed hawk, bluejay, and Larry as my favorite birds .


Edit: I had a repeated word
I heard the squeak of a q tip on a plastic eyeball
[since nobody else posted it](https://youtu.be/aZ5qSbUbwhk)
... you mean landmark?
well a lot of characters in Zootopia were completely covered in fur

fun fact:  *Shrek* was utterly groundbreaking from a technical standpoint.  For like two months
Well, you can also get Studio Ghibli's software (it's free *and* open source).

https://opentoonz.github.io/e/

It's also the same software that Futurama used.
If Pixar gave you a call after working with Renderman, would you really complain about it?
[deleted]
And that is on consumer hardware that was released in 2013.
Some things look better, but some things also look worse. There are still things that can't be done when rendering in real-time.
....Bucky??
Winter Soldier was also covering his eyes and had long hair.
/u/generalecchi ain't no slouch. This guy reddits
The Future Foundation!  Now all we need is for them to have another kid that gets along with their arch-nemesis and for Spider-Man to hang out with them for a while.
Hmm, you're kind of right? It's not like violets invisibility, it was more like he vanished into a portal and re-appeared out of one somewhere else a bit later.

Maybe that's why it's so weird? 
What about the girl from El Dorado 
That's how you know it's good
Can't be that much of a thing with YouTube being the primary YT in the minds of most.
> a kickass sequel

[Please no....](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91CW1MAwSdL._SL1500_.jpg)
I went to stock market today. I did a business!
I was 16. And yes I have my own kids now. Madness I tells ya!
Oof, I remember that. I have Scottish heritage so the movie appealed to me pretty well but I was a bit thrown by the actual plot/story. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.
No but that's what I want
go on 
Yup.  Not that surprising if you know that Laverne and Shirley started airing in 1976.  Odenkirk by comparison didn’t start as a writer at SNL until 87 and Mr. Show only started in 95.
He was also a legendary part of our childhoods. 

[Written and animated by him.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr8vUTm64h0)

[Written and animated by him, plus he did the music for this one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg71djeZfos)

He did a bunch of stuff, including working on Back to the Future the Animated series. 
Well, he's the director/writer right? I would imagine it'd be difficult telling him he can't reprise the role.
Ancient history dahling. Ineverlookback.
The story behind it is even better. Before they had chosen a voice actor for Edna, Brad Bird would do his impressions of what kind of voice he was looking for to voice Edna. Someone told him that his impressions were already perfect and he should just do the part himself.

So he initially didn't even think about doing her voice himself. It wasn't until someone told him how good they sounded that he considered it.
Even Dee?
You can't rush art.
I *love* when he dips the brush into the paint bottle and it makes that *gluck* sound. 
No he meant Denmark
each shrek doubled the amount of rendering hours https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrek_(franchise)?0#Production

It's called Shrek's Law
The Tale Of Princess Leela
Nah that's what I'm saying though, when your hiring you don't have to train your animators. If someone is really good using your in house animation software then it makes the hiring process so much easier.
Japanese Donald Duck is something that i never knew i wanted
That looks really fun.
Who the hell is Bucky
He had the goggles off for a lot of it though
My parents will be proud.
Frozone is their Spider-man
> The Future Foundation

Danganronpa 3 future arc flashbacks. 
[deleted]
Man, I completely forgot about her. Really, thinking back, I consumed a lot of media with thick women. Like, music videos had half naked women with big asses, Disney had some fine women(Jane, Bell, Ariel), almost all the girls in Danny Phantom (Maddie was thick as all hell), Jessica Rabbit, then you've got that chick from Jak and Daxter, the one from Ratchet and Clank, and so on and so on.
Deploy the upvotes!
i jerk off
Ah, I meant for the first movie. I can't remember the source, but after Brad Bird demonstrated the voice he was looking for, the actress suggested he voice Edna himself. I always thought that was really cool.
Not to mention it's typically a common practice to offer voice actors the opportunity to reprise their roles before casting anyone else. That doesn't always happen, but it would have shocked me if it didn't in this case
"Brad the actor? You're fired"

- Brad the director.
*Brad Bird looks at a mirror*

"Listen, Brad, there's something you need to...we're *not* going to be using your voice as Edna this time. *What?* How could you do this?! Calm down Bra- No! I am the only one who can play Edna! Brad...don't make this harder than it needs to be."
> It wasn't until someone told him how good they sounded that he considered it.

He brought in Lily Tomlin for an audition for Edna, provided her an example of the voice, who (Tomlin) then told Bird that he should use that voice as her final one because he was doing a better job than she thought she could do.
Of course not Dee, the stupid bitch. 
And then that twinge of sad music as Andy's name is erased from the boot.
No he meant Deutschmark
imagine putting 20 million CPU render hours into a project and coming out with *Shrek 3*

must be kinda like how Lawrence Kasanoff felt, except without several years' notice
I think you mean "Planet Express's delivery service".
True fact, training is the worst part of any industry. It's so intensive where I work that you sign an agreement stating if you quit in the first six months you have to pay back $1000 out of your last paycheck. Shit is expensive.
HARTARESZU!
Don't worry he still won't heal you
I can't understand him in English half the time, he sounds like he's literally just making noises in Japanese
What the fuck's a Lommy?
Oh shit, you're right.  He really is.  Now beware everyone, because Syndrome is going to be the godfather of their next kid.
Silver Surfer and Bobby ~~Frost~~ Drake had a kid, more like.

Edit: It's Friday and the 13th.
I didn't know that! Awesome. I can't imagine Edna being anyone else. 
Lily Tomlin
Ah, that's right. I kept the details vague because I didn't remember exactly who it was that told him his voice was already perfect for the role.
Lily Tomlin is awesome.
that cynical bitch.
Pretty sure he meant Marky Mark.
