This is kind of a mildly interesting fact, but Universal Studios Hollywood is doing an Insidious maze for the third time this year for Halloween Horror Nights. 

This movie was supposedly originally going to open in the fall I believe, so the maze is based very heavily on “The Last Key,” but the movie got pushed back to January, so the maze will feature a lot of the ghosts and scenes from a movie no one will see for months after, so they’re saying that the maze kind of acts like a living trailer for the film. 

The maze took a long time to get announced, and supposedly that was because the studio hadn’t released a trailer yet, so Universal was having a hard time because how are they going to show promotional material for the movie before the studio can release a trailer and do it themselves? They finally announced it about a week ago and showed the new Key demon in the poster for it. 
I lost interest in the Insidious movies once James Wan was no longer directing. 

The first movie is one of the few horror movies since 2010 that's genuinely creeped me out. 


I love Horror movies and I wanted to know what you guys think was the best out of the 3 Insidious movies. I've only seen 1&3. Ppl on Reddit said that 2 was actually good contrary to what I was told. I think 1 was the standout. What's your favorite film?
Nothing can beat the original one... It was so great.  The second one was good, and I liked the way it connected with the original, but it didn't legitimately frighten me as much as the first.  I went into the 3rd film expecting to absolutely hate it, but I was pleasantly surprised, and for a second sequel in a horror franchise, it held up pretty well, in my opinion.  I think that had to do with the fact that Leigh Whannell continued as screenwriter, even after Wan left.  He's written this one as well, so hopefully it'll be good!
It kind of bothers me that they're abandoning the Chapter subtitle.
Guilty pleasure franchise. I actually really liked the 3rd installment, but this whole prequel thing with bringing back Lin Shaye's character again and again seems a bit old hat. Still gon' watch.
Well . . . that was underwhelming.

Did we really need 20 straight seconds of someone screaming?
[Here is the International Trailer Link](https://youtu.be/pXJC4mZmU_U). 
Looks good I think ! 
Looks cool. At least the Further looks better that just a house interior lit with blue lights and a fog machine.
I love the Insidious movies... But this trailer just doesnt look good. It looks so much more generic than the others. Even though I hated the 3rd one, it still had really good cinematography, but this looks like it has such flat lighting, and none of the scares based around camera movement the other films have. And worse, the directors last movie, "The Taking of Deborah Logan", is one of my least favorite horror movies in recent memory. Plus, that "Fuck you its January" release date, doesn't scream quality. Rip Insidious series

(At least Lin Shayes still in it)
I'm a fan of the series and I've noticed that we have come to a very interesting part of the franchise.

As a kid I loved horror movies. Every time my family would go out to rent a movie, I would run to the back to where they kept all the gruesome horro film VHS boxart. I watched the original Nightmare on Elm Street, Friday the 13th, Halloween, Sleepaway Camp and dozens of other franchises when I was growing up and this somewhat stemmed into horror being my genre of film choice as an adult. 


One particular aspect of all these movies that I didn't get to really view with matured perspective was how they were *all franchised.* Everything horror movie became shlock and turned into a property (as they do) and inevitably they either go off the rails or bend to the tropes they tried to defy. 

**Insidious is one of these now.** I think its worth discussing as we are at the midway point. It hasn't yet been run into the ground with sequels but it also starting to show that sequential production companies and directors don't understand what made the first two great. 

If you have seen the third movie then you know what I mean. Chapter 2 and 1 have a very surrealist vibe to them heading towards the third act. Chapter 1 has very few startling moments and is almost entirely atmosphere and tension. Chapter 2 has less of it but ultimately does improve on the established lore that existed in the first film while remaining frightening. It keeps the spooks at a high but doesn't stop aspects of what we discovered about or villain (in this case its the residents of The Further and the Black Bride) in the first film. *Its a good sequel.* 


The first problem with Chapter 3 is that it isn't a true third act to the series. Its a prequel. While Elise was an engaging supporting character she wasn't what made the first two great. It was the performances of Patrick Wilson and Rose Byrn. Chapter 1 it was really about a mother at the end of rope. Her family breaking down around her, a husband that avoids confrontation and looming threat of an ethereal intruder that she cannot break. You can feel this in so many scenes. We care about this character. In Chapter 3 this isn't the case. We don't see any grief or logically reasoning behind any of her decisions. We can excuse irrational thought, in Chapter 3, the main character decides to try and contact her deceased mother even after Elise (admitting to her that she drove very far for her council) advised her to *not* seek contact. This and a plethora of unlikable cast members, startling scares caused by loud noises and the typical "Blumhouse Fuck-You-Its-Halloween" horror movie plot just absolutely liquefies Chapter 3 compared to its predecessors. 


You can really tell by how much they plaster James Wan's name on the title cards that they don't feel they can emulate what he created without him. 

Just my 2 pennies.
I'm a little disappointed that they are going for another prequel (this one being a sequel to the prequel) instead of continuing from the cliffhanger at the end of Chapter 2, but i'd rather Wan direct that to be fair so ah well.

This just looks really bad though. I think the third film had some pretty decent moments even if it didn't have the visual flair or filmmaking quality that Wan showed with his films. 

The visuals look bland, like an attempt to recreate Wan's style with not much else going for it. The key creature feels like it belongs in it's own film not as part of the Insidious franchise and i'm not sure it's a good thing to go further into the Further.

I'll still watch it, but something tells me this will be poorly received by both critics and fans.
I get Insidious and Sinister mixed up, given the similar meaning and theme of evil children. I hope they don't make a Sinister 3 though because 2 was sooooo bad and disappointing.
Edward Keyhands
Same director as paranormal activity the ghost dimension, so probably won't be that good
Key fingers....gimme a fucking break y'all
I don't know. The First one was by far the best. The third one was the worst horror I saw that year.
The key hands reminds me of the comic Locke and Key

Wouldn't mind seeing that adapted as a movie instead
that key hand is some del toro shit. this looks more interesting than scary though.
From the looks of the trailer. I'd say this movie will be a coin flip. Either really good or really bad.

I just hate this type of trailers. They spoil most of the movie's jumpscares, even tho most of them are already obvious.
I love my horror but I must admint between Insidious, The Conjuring series and  Sinister I feel its getting a bit stale. I've not been impressed with a good horror since The Visit or It Follows. 
So I've only seen the first Insidious, but is this a prequel since the old lady is in it?

I was a little excited... until I saw a early January release date. That's pretty much guarantees that this movie will be terrible. 
Ooh yay, I was just wondering when we'd see a trailer for this. I already know with 100% certainty that I'll go see it (I was on vacation and went super far out of my way to see the third one) but I don't love this trailer. The key in the throat thing creeps me out. I'm interested in seeing the scares and the new demons. I really like this series.
I just love these movies. I call them "fun house horror," because that's what they are. Just jump scares and insane shit.
This is the weirdest Kingdom Hearts adaptation I've ever seen.
So are they just not going to address the ending of the 2nd Insidious?
I skipped part 3 when I heard it was going to be a prequel and I might skip this one too. I just want to know what happens at the end of 2. 
So this is a sequel to the prequel? The order will be Insidious 3,4,1,2? God damnit
So they basically showed all the various frightening ghouls and ghosts in the trailer leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination, sweet, job done.
Oh shit The FunHouse Pinball Machine... Nicceee! 
Looks okay
Why is EmilyCC in Insidious?
I can't decide if I'm excited or not. I LOVE the first and the second, and the third was crap.
I always wondered what a [girl](http://i.imgur.com/xFuWowV.jpg) Prometheus monster would look like
Kinda iffy about this. I liked 1 and 2 a lot but found 3 very forgettable. Might've been cause James Wan wasn't directing. I also wasn't really interested in a story that wasn't the one in the first two. 
So which key open the chastity belt again?
The finger going into windpipe then "shhh" was sufficiently creepy 
Film takes place after all the other films. in the trailer Elise indicates the battles she's gone through which depicts scenes from the other 3 movies.

Story is what takes place 'before' any of the other films.

Also [Elise is *highly likely* an apparition in this one (and i'm guessing with cuts of her travelling when still alive) and is *revisiting* her former home - which is where 'before any of the other films' comes in.](/spoiler)
Wow I can understand why they are dumping this in January 
meh.
Not sure about this one. Why is it dropping in January? Never a good sign. Some of those visuals are great but did we really need to follow around the old woman again? Would have been cool to see a totally new story thread within the universe.

But still, could be spooky.
I really enjoyed the first one. 

The second movie had a lot of promise in the story but was pretty underwhelming in terms of scare. I wouldn't say it was *bad* but it surely was a let-down from the first movie.

I didn't really enjoy the third movie at all. I thought it was pretty lackluster in every way. 
i hate when they show monters on trailers, now i know what im expecting.
Well that's one movie i wont be seeing.  lol
I liked it better when it was called Backdoor sluts 9
Are the Insidious movies any good. Man, there are too many horror movies. 
What a horrible cinematography, and don't buy the "housekeeper" monster at all. 

To me first was the best one, truly gave new life to the genre and the third one was really good as well.
I would prefer "The Conjuring: Part III." 
Hey look at that! It looks exactly like every other Insidious movie
Wait. Didn't she die in the first one? And all the movies after made a prediction or mentioned that she was gonna die so I'm assuming it's going backwards so it's gonna be interesting to see how this one will mention how she dies
All of these movies are trash. 
They should name the maze something really scary and ominous... I don't know, something like Jinx Maze...
> supposedly originally supposed

i have a headache now
A mildly interesting fact is that "factoid" means "a false fact"
Pretty excited for the maze. The ones in the past have been really good so this new one should be fun.
Yea they kept saying blumhouse so I figured it might me a mashup of insidious and sinister with the purge being a scare zone but now I'm super pumped as I'll be going in October 
I agree with you. The conjuring was great too. Both of them. 
Sinister is a great recent horror movie too.
I loved Insidious and was actually creeped out until the end. The whole dream thing whatever he had to go into really took me out of it and made me not like it as much. 
James Wan is one of the best horror movie directors right now. I hope he continues to do what he does best. Even his sequels are good. But Insidious 3 didn't feel like Insidious at all and it made me disappointed that a different director touched the universe. I got the same feeling after watching this trailer so not particularly excited. 
Maybe, but you can't see that trailer and tell me that it didn't look fucking awesome and scary as hell.


I for one can't wait for this movie.
Did you see Cooties?
I guess the chronological order of these would be 3rd, 1st, 4th, 2nd. And I can feel it that there's another film that will focus on that Red demon and it will be the sequel of the 1st.
1 was amazing, 3 was better than i expected and 2 was more of a thriller but i loved the way it tied into the first one. 

1>>>3>>>>>>>2
As someone who unapologetically loves all of them, 2 is probably the best due to the adventure component. 3 is the worst but still a solid 7/10 and keeps the spirit of the series intact. 

This movie just looks like shit tho.
The first hour of 1 is fucking perfect and I'm in the minority here, but I think 2 is the best of the series and Wan's best film.
1 > 2 >>>>> 3
1 is decent, 2 and 3 are both pretty mediocre
1 is best 2 was ok 3 was terrible I thought. I felt no fear or unease like the other 2. 
I must have missed something with 3, it just seemed like every cliche was thrown in and it just kept failing to miss any sort of mark for me.
1 is good. 3 is meh. 2 is horrendous. 
Most movie franchises seem to abandon numbering thier sequels once they passed thier 3rd entry nowadays. Maybe to disguise the fact they keep churning out sequels but I kind of like movie franchises to keep thier numbering like star wars to keep a sense of progress.
This one was way more suspenseful, and gave Elise Rainier more calibre as compared to the first Official Trailer.
I'm sure there was some hot green tea and muffins in that interior as well.
Uuuh what? It's one of the six people who wrote PA:GD. He wasn't anywhere near a critical role. 

What he did direct was The Taking of Deborah Logan, which is one of the better foundfootage flicks. 
The first one was pretty good for 80% of the film, but got dumb real quick when he went into the ghost world. Somehow they decided people wanted more of the ghost world.
1st one was good and genuinely scary.  I feel like all the other ones just follow the same cliches and don't surprise me.  It's as if they're following the same formula regurgitating the same thing over and over.  It's starting to lose its appeal.  
People were raving over the third one and I thought it was pretty bad. The second one isn't as scary but I love the story in it 
Instantly reminded me of it too.

And you're in [Luck](http://www.denofgeek.com/us/tv/locke-and-key/255246/locke-key-tv-show-cast-latest-news)
lol 😂
Might be closer to the groin area. 
I imagine it's out in January so the film has some distance from Happy Death Day and Jigsaw which both share producers with Insidious (Jason Blum on Happy Death Day and James Wan and Leigh Wannell on Jigsaw). It allows those films to do well and Insidious to do well later on instead of dividing the market for horror in October/November three ways. Also it gives the film some distance from Thor: Ragnarok and Justice League and allows it to serve as counter programming to The Last Jedi in January. 

Plus it's possible Blumhouse knows they can release a good film whenever and people will go see it. 
January isn't necessarily bad anymore. Blumhouse dropped Split in January and it was a huge success. 
Or a story that focuses on the red faced demon. Seriously, hes been teased in all 3 films and we still havent got a movie about one of the things that made the original scary and interesting?  
I mean the whole point of the franchise is the exploration of the further. If you have no one who can pierce the veil that separates them you're just gonna have a movie filled with random spirits. 
Yeah it seems like the plot is exactly the same as the Conjuring franchise now. A team of paranormal hunters go to a house and fight the demon. It would be nice to change that up a bit. 
They're not masterpieces, but probably some of the best haunted house flicks you'll find. They actually bother hiring good actors, use practical effects, lots of long takes, do som eworldbuilding and character development etc. 

I'd give all 3 of them a 7/10 with the overall order being 2,1,3. If you like the first, you'll probably like all of them. 
The first one is one of my favorite movies 
 Totally agreed!
That's just like uh, your opinion man
I agree. The whole franchise is run-of-the-mill, cliche and jump scare filled generic horror. I see nothing amazing about it and I don't understand the love for these films.
Something people should really google while at work.
*Jynx


I like that one episode where the maze opened out on a lemonade stand and people were walking by and didn't even notice anyone was in there. All you could see was the entrance but no exit signs anywhere
The maze is named “Insidious: Beyond The Further.” 
God how the fuck did I not catch that
Yeah, it should be really good. 

I remember I think the first one they did (or maybe it was the second one) had this black room where you walked through a maze with Further ghosts and they had their creepy, giant smiles, and some were fake, and the real ones would jump at you. 

It was scary as hell. I can’t wait for this one. 
Well Blumhouse is a maze, but a separate one. 

In Florida, Insidious is part of the Blumhouse maze. 
I've seen pretty much every horror movie over the last decade, and Sinister is by far my favorite.  That movie gives me the fucking chills & nightmares while no other film does.

Also, I never saw the second one because I didn't want to ruin the first film's greatness.
Too bad Sinister 2 was terrible
I kinda liked the dream thing.

There's something cathartic about it. Horror movies play off what we can't see, glimpses and suggestion since what we understand spoils it.

Then they had the dream sequence where you just straight up see the demon thing. It's just a weird fucking devil dude in a workshop. I loved just how straight forward they were with him, and I still found the scene kinda scary, just in a really different way.
And Furious 7 shows that he can do much more than horror. Aquaman is definitely on my list!
Insidious 2 is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. Not because it was that scary, but because it did such a good job expanding on an established universe. I am a sucker for fantasy universes, and I loved what this movie did. 

I was pumped for Insidious 3, and it was...a generic horror movie. It is fine as it is, but it did very little to expand on an already established universe. I am expecting 4 to be the same. 
I haven't been a huge fan of his sequels.  Liked Insidious enough, loved the Conjuring but couldn't get into either of the sequels.  And the Annabelle spin-off was just comically bad, although I've heard its sequel is better.

I guess it's pretty par of the course to run any horror franchise that has legs into the ground I just wish Wan or the studio wasn't so content with the formula.
I'm not saying the movie will be terrible just I'm not excited for it since James Wan is no longer directing.

But to me the trailer didn't look anything special, basically it's what we've seen before in the previous insidious films. 
I've heard of it but never seen it.
I think 1 is the scariest and is the best one to watch. However when I saw Chapter 2 in cinemas I was impressed by the visuals and the way it tied into the first movie. Like I didn't expect things to play out that way and it was fantastic, even if the movie isn't as scary. 

The third film was much better than I expected without Wan at the helm and had some pretty great moments, even if the ending was a tacky attempt at bringing back a loved part of the first movie through a bad cliffhanger.
I thought part 2 was the best, it rocked my world.
Oh my bad must've gotten some wrong information. 
Yeah I was terrified until dream world then it got real cartoony. Took me out of the whole thing.
I'm going to go see my buddies in HR and check that out. What a cool name for a maze!
Your post should've tipped me off.  
Good sir - I was specifically using the word "jinx", roughly meaning "cursed", to describe this maze... I have no idea what this "Jynx" Maze you speak of is - and why would I, being a happily married man and all that...
That was one of my favorite episodes of... the maze.
Good! Don't!
Yep sinster is a horror classic
The whole devil thing just opens more questions than it answers, and I think it's a good thing.
I thought it was interesting, but not scary and it took me out of the movie a bit, too. 
He is a red goatlike clawed demon with horns that kidnaps children and makes toys. Sounds a bit like the Krampus to me. 
The thing I didn't like about that dream thing was the fact that the devil dude looked a lot like Darth Maul. It really took me out of the film.
I agree Annabelle was bad, but that wasn't made by James Wan. It only expanded the universe he built. Annabelle Creation is a good movie though. David Sanberg made Creation, he also did Lights Out and his track record so far promises something good. If they can keep up the same level of quality that Creation brought, I'm actually pretty excited about the Conjuring universe that they're working on.
At the start of 1 that music...holy crap that is terrifying even on it's own without any visuals. But with the visuals...seriously just terrifying, haunting, amazing sounds. 
Yeah, I loved 2.  I thought Wan finally made a horror film where everything worked.  And that last shot was amazing.
I'm going to check it out 
DONT YOU DARE
It went full Joe Dante at the end. Personally, I liked it, though I know tonally it was off-putting.
You serious? The part with the 50s family was pretty freaking terrifying. 
For others who haven't looked, what is it?
2 seems to be most divisive of the three. Most seem to like 1 and think 3 is decent but not as good. I've heard responses to 2 that are all over the board. I think it depends how much into Wans style you are
Yup, serious. But if it makes you feel better, The Conjuring scared the piss out of me.
While I didn't personally find the last part scary, it was definitely disturbing. I was super uncomfortable.
A maze.
It's a google easter egg that's a screamer maze like those old internet games with a jump scare
It's [the name of a porn star apparently](#spoiler)
Part 2 is much in the same style as the conjuring 
Way to ruin the fun
