Mark...stop dying your hair brah.

This looks like a solid family time movie.  Plus, Rose Byrne is fire.
I'd see this just for Rose Byrne, shes always excellent
Tommy Buns is a massive movie star now. Not as massive as Bart Chrysler but still pretty massive.
[deleted]
I can't say no to Rose Byrne.  
Those jeans look low and loose.
As a Clippers fan I laughed and cried. I’ll give it a watch. 
I'm kind of surprised they didn't show the lead actor more in the trailer... just that 10 seconds at the beginning wasn't enough.
If you would have told me 10 years that the director of Sex Drive would be Mark Wahlberg’s go to comedy guy I would have been shocked.
As a foster parent there was some good relatable jokes in the trailer.  I'll be seeing this with my partner for sure. 
Somewhat true story from the directors experience. Looks good.
I don't know how this will play to a wider audience, but I can already tell this will be a must see movie among foster parents. I just stumbled on the trailer for the first time and messaged everyone I know from our foster parent training classes. Every one of them is planning to see it. It'll probably still have a strong showing for non-foster families who like heart-warming family stories. It's probably going to be highly predictable but not every film has to be a classic. 
How’s your mother mother?
Gotta admit i have been partial to some Rose Byrne since her Heartbreak high days. I don't mind some like some light feel good viewing either so will probably give this a watch. 
Mark Wahlberg really only has one character that he can do in comedy films, doesn't he?
The Rose dialogue at the end sounds like it's coming from a speaker phone lol
Meh... 
Running joke in the trailer is a bad sign.
Wahlbergs playing a dangerous game right now. So many bad movies in a row. 
this feels like its really pandering to the trendy side of social justice and cultural awareness . To cover themselves if people said 'why did you invent a multicultual family to deliver a message' they found a real family to sell that "true story" tag. Theres millions of families out there fostering children from many backgrounds, but its convient for the studio to whip this up now bevause a its relevant thing. 
This looks like shit 
This will be on ABC family in 6 months. 
You gottah let me spread my wings and fly. I’m a peacock
I’ve heard from a couple people fromCinema Con that the footage they saw was pretty good 
She was great in Juliet, Naked if you can find it in a theater in your area 
So glad the water champ Tom Segura is blowing up. I just hope he stays away from world's fattest racist comedian Bundt Geiser. 
He's gone from the guy I don't know on Joe Rogan's show to mother fucking Mommy T-Bunz fast. I can't believe how big he's gotten.
“BIKES!”
*Tom Segura heh heh*


> Tom Segura

is that a good thing?
Gotta make sacrifices to be a huge movie star
Im more surprised he keeps making family friendly shit like this when Sex Drive was a pretty heavy R rated film. 
omg that part at the end where he's like i'm not jacob LOL
Maybe...maybe not...maybe fuck yourself.
Id say his character in The Other Guys is at least an interesting play on his usual schtick. I mean, the guy DID learn to dance sarcastically. 
This movie got moved up to fall from next February, apparently for potential award buzz.
here is some background on the story, its actually the story of the director of the movie Sean Anders.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOhyWnhtoA0

It's not social justice though, This just tends to be the makeup of a lot of foster families. My wife and I foster in Arizona and just talking with our case worker, the vast majority of foster parents that are not kinship placements are white, and a large amount of the kids in foster care are non-white, so you get a lot of white parents with racially diverse foster kids. We didn't say we wanted white/black/Hispanic, we just said we were up for whatever baby came into the system, it just so happens that the baby we were chosen for was a Hispanic girl. The one before that where our case worker put us in but someone else was picked was a black male child. 

This really isn't pushing an agenda, and it's not overly political as foster parents come from a wide range of backgrounds (many of the parents in the classes we took were right of center, and some were left of center) It's one of the few things where if someone says they are a foster parent, you probably won't be able to know what their political leanings are from just that info. 

I understand the desire to see agendas in everything, but sometimes stories just are what they are. 
A movie studio producing a movie that's based on a relevant subject? No way!
And MoviePass works for it.
Bart really is racist. I cant believe Netflix bought his new special "Secret Time" considering how massively racist and fat he is. 
i have no idea who you are talking about
“The F&@K you took?”  One of my favorites of his. The whole bit had me in tears. 
He's funny as hell in his standup. Whether that translates to funny in a film, I dunno


Check out his netflix specials. I think there's three so far. 
No awards for this one, they want that Blind Side over Thanksgiving money.
I really hope that drives traffic to it. Also has Chris O Dowd from The IT Crowd and Michelle from People Just Do Nothing.
Is there a fatter racist, or even a more racist fat guy than Bart?  
I think I'll try them out. 
And Ethan Hawke
O’Dowd...O Down sounds so wrong...
Yeah just try it out. You'll get a lease and a key
Auto correct
Free rent free food, FUCK ME, beat me, piss on me...
Try it out
That's about as free as it gets...
