We just saw 75% of Jeff Goldblum's part in the movie, didn't we?
Have both these parks been knowingly built on a volcanic island? 
That was an unusual collection of loosely related clips all right.

One thing's for sure: they found a way to mash up Jurassic Park with the volcano disaster films of 1997.

EDIT: a word

EDIT 2: Best user suggested titles thus far,

Dante's Park

Jurassic Peak

Voldino

Dinocano

Jurassic Parks and Recreation
Ah the ol' sequel, "They're not together anymore..." thing.
*Did we have a previous relationship with that T-Rex?*

I think they're just like that? I think they're just good guys?
Is that fucking T-Rex the actual protagonist of the whole franchise?
Man, that is one weirdly paced trailer.
This trailer made me more interested in watching a Jeff Goldblum courtroom drama.
I don't think we needed to see the T-rex kill in this trailer. 
Chris Pratt just ran through a pyroclastic flow.
Goldblum: "Life cannot be contained. Life breaks free. Life................"

Audience: "GET ON WITH IT!!!!"

Goldblum: "..........finds a way."
Featuring:

HERO T-REXING

DINOSAUR TOUCHING

EXPLOSION RUNNING

CHRIS PRATTING

FLOCKING THIS WAYING
I don't know why but I hate those little glass transportation balls. 
They should have just had a teaser showing random action clips from the film with Goldblum's laugh ominously playing in the background. 

Shot of Owen and Claire talking in a bar.

"Ruh-huh-huh..."

Shot of T-Rex killing the Carnotaur.

"huh-haw-haw..."

Shot of Owen and Claire running as volcano erupts.

"HAW HAW, HAR HAR"

Shot of Owen, Claire, dinosaurs and gyrosphere splashing into ocean.

Jurassic Huh-Huh World: Fallen Har Har Kingdom.
Who cut this trailer together. Christ.
Um, what the fuck did I just watch? That was so......bizarre. I don’t have even have confidence in calling that a trailer. Something about it is **REALLY** off. 

Overall just a strange trailer. 

What was the point about Blue being alive? 

Why show the Carnotaurus getting killed?

Obviously that explosion scene isn't the climax, as Claire and the intern facing down that dinosaur has lava coming from the ceiling, but why focus on that scene? Why is Rexy killing when all the other dinos are running?

The two songs were just totally jarring.

Not sure how it made me feel overall
It's hilarious how much they hyped this trailer and dragged out its release for it to be this poorly crafted. 
Oh man, all the poor dinosaurs jumping off the cliff just made me sad. 
Why show Carnotaurus being killed? 
Was that a volcanic eruption? Who decided to build a park on an active volcanic island?
Is Chris Pratt a fully realized CGI character?  Because something about his face in this looks really off...especially the part with Blue.
This looks about as good as Independence Day: Resurgence. 
This felt like one of those fan-trailers you see on youtube before a movie is properly released where someone stitches together moments from four different trailers.
Please don't let Colin Trevorrow write another movie ever again after this
So they took the script from JP: The Lost World and Micheal Bayed it. 
I bet the antagonist of this film is the margarita man. 
A million dollars says that at one point in this movie Chris Pratt rides on Blue's back.
It was awful nice of them to show the Rex killing that Carnotaur so there will be no tension in that scene during the movie. 
Pyroclastic flow incinerates as it moves, Chris Pratt should be dead.
Why can't Jeff Goldblum say "uh"?? It's messing with me!! I loved it though!
So they decide to introduce the Carno for the first time in franchise history in a trailer, not even 10 seconds later they kill the carno in the trailer. Also pretty much gave away Malcolm's role completely. Music was really weird. And the pace was all over the place. I'm actually really disappointed. 
"Life..."

Oh, really... Are they gonna make him say it ag--

"...Finds a way."

Yep. They sure are.
That is one big pile of shit. 
I really dont appreciate how many pieces from previous films they reuse, with no shame. Knowing/having connection with the Raptor, "Life uh finds a way", the Trex saving them AGAIN. I mean, WTF? Is originality a bad thing?
Jurassic World: Fallen Goldblum 
I don't want to watch 2 hours of dinosaurs dying 
As someone who had their entire childhood shaped by Jurassic Park.... that did not look very good. 
The military needs to start cashing in on those fucking hamster balls. That shit can survive everything.

I don't understand the premise of this movie. They seem to be on a mission to rescue some of the dinosaurs like they're an endangered species. The only thing I liked about Jurassic World was when they admitted they were all genetically designed to look like people's expectations of dinosaurs instead of being actual reborn dinosaurs. 

But now there's congressional hearings and rescue missions for theme park attractions. What are they going with the survivors? Put them in a nature preserve to fuck up the ecology of actual animals?
this....doesn't look that good?
Is it just me or was that fucking awful?  
The island is gonna blow up so they have to save the dinosaurs? Can't they just make new dinosaurs?
Did I just watch a trailer for a single scene? 
[When the Goldblum is just right](https://i.imgur.com/ONoyrlL.gif)
Underwhelming? 
Jurassic Park: I DONT KNOW WHAT WE’RE YELLING ABOUT 
So they voluntarily took children back to the island?

*Edit* Apparently the "[girl](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm4427331/?ref_=ttfc_fc_cl_t12)" in the trailer is 30. And the other kid is in his 20's.
That trailer was...weird...I really didn't understand what the narrative was...very underwhelming and just weird...
The original Jurassic Park trailer didn't even show the dinosaurs. This trailer appears to reveal many of the plot elements in addition to the which dinosaurs are included.


I'm glad the T Rex appears to still be the protagonist though. 
It seemed all over the place, I don't know. That's the impression I got. Then again, it is a trailer. 
So they're taking dinosaurs off the island, AGAIN?
That trailer felt like Geostorm, but with dinosaurs. 
I love Jurassic Park and this trailer did nothing for me. Hope it was just a bad first trailer and not a sign of the movie 
I guess I shouldn't be surprised Hollywood can ruin Jurassic Park, but wow, they are going to go ahead and do it.... again
I was hoping this movie was going to be the courtroom drama for the criminal negligence case against Bryce Dallas Howard. After seeing this trailer, I seriously think that would've been a better direction.
Jurassic Park is one of my favorite movies ever and Jurassic World was fun and entertaining enough in comparison to the original sequels... but this, this looks absolutely terrible.
Either Chris Pratt has super-powers and can survive pyroclastic flow, or he is dead. So.... RIP Chris Pratt.
Ooof, this looks almost like a parody of Jurassic Park. Like the Sharknado of dinosaur movies.
I am soooo not into this
Just posted this in r/jurassicpark. I hope this isn't too unpopular of an opinion, but this trailer sets up really bad expectations for me. The BRoll teaser released the other day had an interesting, darker, horror-esque element and tone to it that seemed really interesting, consistent, and necessary for story progression: the potential for something more serious and tangible, rather than the off-set tone and unrealistic nature of "Jurassic World." This trailer feels so off, and showcases too much of the one volcano scene, too much of the "Remember Blue?!?!?!", and too much of random scenes, rather than give a sense of the film as a whole. If the whole film is explosive set-piece after explosive set-piece, I can't help but feel that Trevorrow and Connelly don't understand what people enjoyed about the original, or even "Lost World" and "III" to an extent - they are about realistic plausibility in the established scientific story world, with tangible and realistic characters. This trailer hints at nothing but Michael Bay-esque set pieces and grandeur. It feels wrong. Positives, though - I love Bayona, and I am stoked to see him at the director's helm. He is an atmospheric visionary, and will likely bring some excellent elements to it. I just fear for that script, mannnnn. Also, as much as I pick it apart, of course I am gonna be there opening night, because I am a fucking avid consumer of JP, and I have got to see everything that comes out of the series with eager eyes.
I wouldn't have showed the Carnotaurus being killed, but I'm still hyped for this.
So... it's basically the fan film version of what Jurassic Park 2 would've been had The Lost World never been written? But with shittier characters?

I imagine a lot of pitches in 1994/95 were exactly what Fallen Kingdom looks like, but swap Grant and Ellie for Pratt and High Heels. 

Also, isn't this the plot to Jurassic Park 2: The Chaos Continues on sega?
jurassic world was terrible and this looks somehow even worse
The people who put that trailer together are probably going to be fired. I enjoyed JW and you can't judge a film by its trailer but that trailer was very, very sloppy. One of worst seen for a blockbuster in sometime.
This is a high budget B Movie folks
Volcanoes and dinosaurs? How do they go more over the top? I look forward to Jurassic Armageddon. Another asteroid is coming to finish what it’s brother started 65 million years ago, but this time the dinosaurs are ready! Chris Pratt and the velociraptor train to be astronaut oil drillers who will destroy the asteroid before it can impact the eart, but things get crazy when they find out that a T-Rex has stowed away on their spaceship!
What a terrible trailer. Like, that was really, REALLY bad. Not even Bayona directing can get me excited because that trailer was just a massive fail. 
What a bizarre trailer... I felt really weird watching that.
Pretty sure I just saw the whole movie. Thanks for saving me the ticket money! 
So the island Jurassic World was built on was in fact an active volcano?...

Either they were incredibly stupid planning that, or the reason its blowing up has to do with some subplot about the island's geothermal power plant and its abandonment somehow causing the volcano to erupt?


"We want to have dinosaurs fighting each other, but ALSO have a volcano erupting at the same time. So the dinosaurs fall off a cliff! We'll call it FALLEN Kingdom. Get it? FALLEN!"

****cigar falls out of Legendary Execs mouth****
A group go to an island full of dinos heavily armed to capture said dinos among the ruins of a park and research facilities, and also Jeff Goldblum is in it.  Why does this movie feel so much like Lost World?
Maybe they used up their CGI budget on the trailer, and 2/3 of the movie is Jeff Goldblum sitting in a Senate hearing. Judging by the trailer, I would actually rather go see that.
Spared no expense
In both books and The Lost World movie at least, they make it a point to say that the islands run on geothermal energy, and that the island chain they are a part of are volcanic in origin. Geothermal doesn't really exclude an active volcano, but it's still weird for one to be their choice of construction site.
To be real pretty much any oceanic island is a volcano. The real question is "did they build it on a dormant volcano instead of an extinct one.
Yes, as the near surface geothermal properties allowed endless free power, and the system was spared no expense, down to gold plated turbines to resist corrosion. (Lost world, they cover it when they find the power plant at Site B) 

The entire island chain of the 5 deaths are volcanic in nature.
Call me a dinosaur,  but I prefer the original Jurassic park story line.
So down for a new disaster movie called Voldino. Mountain full of dinosaurs spewing all over the place on a small north western town. 
Dante's Peak AND Volcano. I forgot about those two movies. Thank you
Dante's Peak > Volcano

admit it
Only thing missing is to have Tommy Lee Jones as some old park ranger.
But are back together by the end of the film... for survival. 
if parents who send their kids away to a dinosaur island during christmas to get divorced can get back together, so can 2 lead protagonists with no chemistry
Gonorrhea cant see us if we dont move. Wait! I was wrong I was thinking of a T-rex!
Exactly the first thought I had, but I did just watch that episode. So a bit fresh in my mind.
I thought the T-Rex was trained to follow the flare.  If that's the case, her actions in this trailer would make sense too, since it is trined to be around humans.
Well we all sympathize that T-Rex cannot jerk off
Well after everyone bitched about the Spinosaurus killing the one in JP3, yes it probably is. 
And they say hollywood doesn't have strong female leads.
I've said before and I stand by it. Chris Pratt and the others are fools for training raptors instead of T-Rexes.

The T-Rex has time and time again saved humans for no reason other than shits and giggles. In the last movie she coordinated with both humans and raptors despite being locked in a steel box while humans and raptors learned to coordinate.  She's outlived two Ingen CEO's, a fuckload of tourists, and is more compelling on-screen than Bryce Dallas Howard.

This series has been a matriarchy from the very beginning. Long live the queen.
As she should be!
The protagonists are the morally bankrupt people in charge of the park. The T-Rex is a result of their bullshit. 
They paid a lot of money to have Ryan Reynolds voice-act as the T-Rex.
Jurassic Origins: Rexy

Coming Summer 2020
In Jurassic World 3, the T.rex is going to be hired by the US government to train a new breed of elite special forces team of weaponized dinosaurs to fight terrorists and part-take in dangerous missions.
I felt weird watching it. It felt like a 3rd party youtuber made it using footage from the movie, but with no context on what the movie is about. 
Agreed, it lacked focus. Like it was unsure of what tone it wanted to show off. In the end it just looked quite generic really, with over the top blockbuster moments lacking any subtlety or tension. 

Give me a movie full of raptors in the kitchen/cornfield/Rexy in the rain/Spinosaurus by the plane level tension. I couldn't give less of a fuck about the CGI explosions and theme park ball shit. I know the characters won't be in danger here. It's all spectacle with no substance.


ಠ_ಠ someone for the love of god rearrange all those clips in a way that makes sense !!
I don’t even get it. Not only was the pacing off, but the content... it feels like the most unnecessary sequel in years. The first JW gave us something new, this just feels... random.
Yeah, it was all over the place. Even managed to make the excerpt of the theme music annoying with the stopping and starting. Hopefully it's just the trailer. I do think another sequel can be good and I'm rooting for Bayona.

Edit: Rewatching it, I think the music's a big sign of why it feels so weird. You go from upbeat vinyl song to creepy music to violins to action music to silence to volcanic explosion and action music, back to the violins, then some more action music before finishing up with some violin theme. Like TheJoshider10 said, it lacks focus.
Who would have guessed everything with the dinosaurs would have gone bad again.
> Crichton creates Malcolm, Crichton destroys Malcolm, Goldbloom embodies Malcolm, Crichton ham-handedly revives Malcolm, God destroys Crichton. Crappy sequel brings back Malcolm

someone on A.V. Club
Wasn't he on Law and Order at some point?
you know what... i'd actually totally dig a movie that was basically just an inquest into InGen.
The trailer was basically a scene from the movie rather than a narrative trailer that gives a sense of the full story. I can't really even guess how far into the movie this would be? Maybe 40-45 minutes?
This movie looks like a bummer, I don't want to watch a bunch of cool dinosaurs get killed by a volcano/drowning :|
Exactly! I was robbed of a fantastic moment. You know what I remember from the trailer of the first Jurassic Park? A foot. That’s it’s fricken trex foot.  And I was terrified.
what? you're saying a bunch of smoke can kill you?

> reaching speeds of up to 700 km/h (430 mph). The gases can reach temperatures of about 1,000 °C (1,830 °F)

*oh*
Thanks for reminding me what that was called. When I saw that I was like: well he's deader than shit. Of course he'll survive somehow in the movie which makes no sense at all.
> Chris Pratt just ran through a pyroclastic flow.

So fucking dumb. 
At least in dantes peak they had to get inside a mountain
Audience: "Well, there it is"
I CLAPPED BECAUSE HE SAID THE THING THAT I REMEMBER 
I'm more hyped to see some morality dialogue in a courtroom with jeff goldblum than dinosaurs causing chaos.
https://youtu.be/iBxgAmdPQWg
Also life finding a waying
[Chris Pratt](https://streamable.com/b0yk4) needs to attend a Tom Cruise workshop on action running.
Because they shouldn't have any freaking grip on most surfaces due to its shape and ultra smooth surface texture is just dumb. Plus in a jeep you can get plucked out of and eaten, so there's a sense of danger when driving around in T-Rex country. These are more or less safe until it gets kicked somewhere by some big dinosaur and they get stuck and can't get out or something. 
Me too. I was thinking "oh at least they aren't riding in those glass balls again" ...next shot:"aw dammit!"
OMG I HOPE JIMMY FALLON COMES ON THE SCREEN AGAIN
I hate the whole fucking trailer. 
I know why, for me at least. They look way too goofy and nonsensical in the midst of this super intense action sequence-thing they’re going for. Totally kills the vibe. 
I came here to say this too. I think it’s the fact that the writers thought they were so cool they had to bring them back for this movie. They’re not that cool.
I got you fam [Here](https://youtu.be/lc3hGGXVokY)
I need to see this version of the trailer now. 
[Official Soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTZCjCYsytM)
It was a fucking committee and focus group, you can be sure of that.
Nah, the other guy. The guy that lives in Hell.
Not to mention that one scene with Pratt and the raptor.  They tried to make it look like the raptor was about to go for Pratt's hand, but all I saw was it simply calling for backup or getting hit by something offscreen.
Most of it felt like the first act and then the third act. It felt like it was missing parts from the second act.
I agree! Don't know what it was about it, it just felt off. Might need to rewatch it a few times
I guess Blue being alive gave Chris Pratt a reason to actually go back, I think he doesn't really care for the island other than the raptors he raised. 
“Oh awesome, I love Carnotaurus, can’t wait to see how badass it is in the movie!”

...

“Well fucking never mind then.”
Yeah I mean what is the point of this movie going to be? They're going to go to the island to save dinosaurs and then the volcanoe explodes? And I swear to God if they bring the T-Rex to the mainland like in Lost World I'm going to slit my wrists in the theater.
Dinosaurs had their chance, and they were selected to be rehashed in franchises for eternity. 
That Ankylosaurus falling in the water looked cool though
Cowabunga dudes!
I honestly think I might avoid this movie because I don't want to see dinosaurs dying, it's sad.
[deleted]
My deepest hope is that the scene we just saw is all the prologue to the actual movie, wherein Chris Pratt is vaporized, Bryce Dallas Howard drowns, and the several dinosaurs that are either able to safely get off the island or are taken off the island go through a difficult legal battle while being kept in a common space. They enter a sort of legal limbo, and the vast majority of the movie takes place inside the courtroom and the pens where the dinosaurs are kept.

Think "A Few Good Men" meets "The Terminal", but with dinosaurs.
Why does everyone seem to know this dinosaur's name?
John Hammond.
The books cover the use of geothermal power. Probably for that.
>Who decided to build a park on an active volcanic island?

$20 says this exact quote is in the movie. 
Isn't the whole state of Hawaii a volcano? Isn't Yellowstone just one big ticking time bomb?
Well yeah, you didn't expect them to let a real person get that close to a raptor, did you?
I felt like the same retouching was done in JW.  His face looks too... clean?
[For comparisons sake. Left seems to be Phris Cratt with Chris Pratt on the right.](https://i.imgur.com/akr864a.png)
You know what, I think it might be covering something crucial for the full release, maybe his face is supposed to be all bloodied up in that scene after being attacked by Blue or something.
"We have to find their queen! And then get her chase a school bus!"
I was so hyped for that movie that I read the novel that takes place between the two movies. Then the novelization of the movie came out two days before the movie and I banged it out in a day. And I was like "ehhhhhhhhhh maybe it'll be better in the movies..."  
And it was worse. 
I originally saw this linked from Facebook and legit thought that was what this was at first.
So glad he’s gone from Star Wars I really don’t know how he ever even got that gig
Your comment motivated me to read [the wiki page for this movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jurassic_World:_Fallen_Kingdom) and the early ideas sound more interesting than what is teased in this trailer.

>Trevorrow hinted that the next film could involve dinosaurs being used by other companies for non-entertainment purposes, possibly in agriculture, medicine, and war: "I really like the idea that this group of geneticists aren't the only people who can make a dinosaur […] when you think of the differences between Apple and PC—the minute something goes open-source, there are all kinds of entities and interests that may be able to utilize that technology."

> Trevorrow confirmed the film would not involve "a bunch of dinosaurs chasing people on an island. That'll get old real fast."
Soft reboot
That was a way more interesting story.  Hammond's investors trying to harvest the dinos to get on with their plan after his failure, plus a badass hunter dude living out his dream of taking down history's greatest predator, while a bunch of animal rights activists sneak in to secretly sabotage their operation, and the dinos just fuck everyone's shit up.  At least I find that all much more engaging than 'Let's go save the dinos from a volcano and flirt.'
I’m fairly certain I read that margarita man is actually jimmy buffet’s cameo in JW which makes it 100x better.
You mean actual Jimmy Buffet?
bring back barstool guy from sharknado!
Haha, yeah he will put a big branch in his mouth and use it to steer
Ugh...
Or rides Bryce
It's like when Iron Man saved the boat in Spider-Man: Homecoming. That was shown in the trailer as well. Lame.
Good thing he's wearing his plot armor.
I kinda love how *that's* apparently survivable but the Wall Of Cold from *The Day After Tomorrow* is not.
I mean... we don’t see him in the water do we? Pretty sure we just watched the main character die horribly in the first trailer.
I'm really digging the Goldblum renaissance lately 
“Hey this whole series is vaguely about technology going awry, let’s use that song from that Black Mirror episode!”
Well, there it is
How did it take this much scrolling to get to this? How? 
You’re watching a trailer to a sequel to a secret remake of a franchise that makes it the fifth part of the series, originally is not welcome here.
I feel the same way.  Watching them panic and fall of the cliff was not entertaining for me.  
I know all this trailer did was make me sad. 
My favorite dinosaur is a Triceratops. I was like "YES! I see they have multiple Tricer....nope. Now they are having them throw themselves off the cliff to die...NOOOOO" The better save some of those mother fucking Triceratops. 
right? i can't believe this is the best they can come up with. what a let down.
I really hope there's more to the movie than that volcano scene.
Just like Jurrasic World!
looks bad, Chris Pratt running from the dust looked like something out of the Tom Cruise Mummy movie.
Yeah, it’s one of the strangest edited trailers I’ve ever seen.
I assume that was the point of the court scene. To determine if the dino’s deserve to be saved. 
https://i.imgur.com/e5JGxwy.gifv
Goldblum uhhh, finds a way 
I’ll say. 
Probably cleverly hid in the plane or something 
Well, the 2nd original one did for a few seconds, the triceratops, brontos and raptors. Just went back and watched. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bim7RtKXv90


He’s gonna come flying off the island on a dinosaur 
Yeah, I thought that bit was a little much. Would have been pretty tension filled in the theater had we not seen that part. 
Yeah that ruined what was probably going to be the "fuck yeah Rexy!" moment. The appearance in Jurassic World was one of the movies few good points for me and it wouldn't have been the same without the surprise.
I'm just fucking excited they have the Carnotaurus finally in these movies. If only they had the camouflage bits from the book, but they probably won't...cause Indominus.
I’m honestly with you. I grew up with the original Jurassic Park. That movie was just a classic. Jurassic World felt like the fast food version. 

I think my main gripe is that the message of Jurassic Park is that man does not control nature despite how confident in himself he may feel. But in Jurassic World, we saw man actually taming dinosaurs like dogs. That’s fucking lame if you ask me. The T-Rex was this huge threatening beast in Jurassic Park and then it turned into the fucking good guy in Jurassic World. In my opinion, the latest film went against everything the original set out to be.
A bunch of people passionately debating about the ethics of what happened at Jurassic Park and World with Jeff Goldblum? Hell yeah I'd watch that. 
A lot of the cgi budget went on Jeff Goldblum's beard if I remember correctly.
One of my favorite aspects of the original Jurassic Park is that Hammond **clearly** cut at least a few corners.

His claim that they "spared no expense" is challenged at least three different times in the original film, alone.

The reason shit got so out of hand is because the park **clearly** skirted a few safety measures and a few contingencies to get the park ready for profit.
what about the ford explorers?
People live on Hawaii... That's a chain of active volcano's
Not surprised. The recent movie and this sequel just give a vibe of milking a franchise dry. At least back then those movies had some originality to them, now it's just flashy cgi and loud noises with a few humbling quotes thrown in.
You're thinking too small. We need dinosaurs raining from the sky, but one so big we need a ragtag team of deep sea oil drillers to fly into space, drill into it, and blow it up.

Dinogheddon
Get that guy who did Sharknado, he'd be all over it.
But this time, Chris Pratt is wearing the high heels while he runs away 
Well, up until Chris Pratt gets enveloped in the [pyroclastic flow](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyroclastic_flow) and melts.

I’m sure he’s fine...
As though anyone could possibly give a fuck about those two. One cared about his job not so much but mostly dinosaurs. The other cared not so much about the dinosaurs and mostly her job. Then they decided the best time to makeout was when pterosaurs were eating people all around them.

Great. America's favorite romantic duo! Chris Pratt Dinosaur Guy and High Heels Business Lady!
They dont need chemistry, they are hot.
Fun Fact: the bacteria that cause gonorrhea and bacterial meningitis are from the same genus, Neisseria 
And that rex was a nobody. This is THE trex. The OG queen of the dinos. The one and only. 
That fight was bullshit though, the Trex gets spino by the neck and somehow this doesn't kill the dinosaur.
I hope she gets nominated. 
They also say there’s no roles for women over 40 but there is Rexy proving everyone wrong.
T-Rex comes forward, claims Chris Pratt made unwanted advances during the filming of the new Jurassic park
At the same time, she wasn't fighting for the humans.

She only fights carnivores who fuck with her turf. She's immediately eaten humans as well.
Right? Saves everyone's asses all the time.
This movie better end with Lady Rex devouring the main characters 
[deleted]
The first one basically revealed the plot twist, I think they tried too hard to cover this one up
Or they took all those teasers we got this week and made a full trailer out of them.
I posted this elsewhere but I guess it's appropriate here too:

I feel like the mistake this trailer makes is to showcase stuff that made JW weak. It opens with the god awful unnecessary romantic subplot (A), and then the majority of the trailer is spent with elaborate largely and noticeably CG creatures and backdrops (B). Then the trailer kinda just ends with those two negative qualities that imo plagued the first film.

They even play the Rexy as a superhero card *again* in the same trailer. They make it seem like they didn't learn anything from JW and that is worrisome.

Oh well, at least we have that awesome BTS reel instead. Somehow I feel like they released *that* for those of us who they know wouldn't really enjoy this trailer as much as they maybe expected the general blockbuster audience would.
Did they go too fast? They went too fast. They did a flyby.
$$ Bro. First one was a mega hit, had the record for biggest opening weekend ever before Stars Wars beat it last yr
Both books mention volcanic activity including the park running on geothermal power. Since it's been years after JW it makes sense that the volcano could reawaken 
There's a TON of fan service so I guess they're banking on nostalgia.
Aside from new genetically altered dinos, JW wasn't really fresh. It too felt like an unnecessary sequel...
Not me, I thought it finally went well for once. 
did they ever explain why the pterodactyls don't just fly over to nearby south America.. even for just a brief moment?
Oh wow, I'd actually forgotten Malcolm died in JP. 
Crappy sequel flops...

Malcolm inherits the earth..   
He did a season or two of Law & Order: Criminal Intent. He played Detective Jeff Goldblum. 
I hope this is in the first 30 minutes and what we didn't see was a giant rock, expelled from the volcanic explosion, impaling the T-Rex. 

The stakes need to be high(er) and if that means having them escape from an exploding, lava ridden, dinosaur killing island for the rest of the movie then I'm all for it.
To put it in perspective, when Mt. Pelee released  a pyroclastic flow in 1902 that blasted through St. Pierre - every. single. person. died. (in the city proper). All 28,000 people. 

Except one - a prisoner in an underground bunker. irony at work
He gets lung cancer and dies 30 years later. Blue the Raptor gives the eulogy. 
I will fly out of it hanging on a pterodactyl, guaranteed. No other way he could survive. Edit: HEEEEEEE
Well Indiana Jones survived a nuke by hiding in a refrigerator.......
Goddamit Chris Pratt, get your shit together.
Man this movie kicked ass. And it came out around the same time as Volcano, which was just awful shit and a kids tv show by comparison. 

Where were we? Oh yeah, this movie looks like shit. 
Malcolm: “THAT’S chaos.”
[Everybody](https://imgur.com/pO6X8Gi)
I can see him rolling his eyes immediately after they stop filming that
DINO SAURRRRRRRRS
I CLAPPED BECAUSE YOU REFERENCED POPULAR YOUTUBERS
Goldblum actually replacing Spacey in House of Cards, with no characters acknowledging it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJelEXaPhJ8
With the crucial, um!
He runs like he's still fat.

Source: am fat. Had to run once.
And what if the ball rolls over one big pile of shit? Then the entire clear surface is obscured. 
So what you're saying is, they're a rolling plot device.
Then the entire ball will get Youtube trending
*fake laughter intensifies*
That part felt truly authentic, though. You think there wouldn’t be celebrity endorsements in a multibillion dollar theme park? Look at Disneyland and Neil Patrick Harris. He literally did the safety voice over for Screamin California. 

Jimmy Fallon on a safety video at a theme park seems very real and possible. 
[deleted]
this was like 100x more entertaining that the trailer

[deleted]
Jesus Christ. The scene with the raptor. I saw it coming. I knew what you were going to do. And I STILL laughed my ass off. Bravo! 
The 1:10 mark....perfect...
/r/ContagiousLaughter
Gosh dangit, the laugh after "Life finds a way", especially got me more then the others.

Also, nice job on getting it out so soon.
Yeah we're just gonna have to go ahead and throw that trailer away. This is something we can all get behind. 
https://youtu.be/clU0Sh9ngmY
I'm guessing it's all the first act. They're in an animal rights rescue mission apparently that seems to be decided in court. They're there with lots of gear and people. The series is about a handful of people surviving on their own, cut off from real help/civilization and that fall in the water most likely is the start of their little adventure
I think there was no flow to it. It starts off with a character moment, jump straight to the island, quick random shots, then a huge chunk of the trailer focuses on ONE particular scene....that volcanic eruption and the dinosaurs/characters running from it. **Seriously, almost half of the trailer was showing us an actual extended (yet edited) clip from the film. It was kind of jarring.** 

It didn’t even have the classic Jurassic Park theme in all its glory! You’d think the fifth movie would make the theme stand out in the trailer. One of the best moments of the Avengers Infinity War trailer was the epic Avengers theme playing at the end. 
The music seemed off to me too. Like the score seemed to build up tension with no release.
Exactly, Chris Pratt character was the one that in the original cared for the dinosaurs and Claire is trying to persuade him to save them, using blue, the one that saved him once (while I believe she has her own not so good motives to want to do it) 
oh god i think you just predicted act 4
Hollywood, uh, finds a way.
If I was to create a movie about condors on this island, you wouldn't have anything to say.
Yeah but theres no way that poor guy can swim :(
The Jurassic movies are popular because every kid at some point had a "dinosaur phase" where they had a shitton of toy dinosaurs and knew all the names and the movies play to that nostalgia. At no point does watching all my favorite dinosaurs getting obliterated by a pyroclastic flow or slowly drowned trigger that warm nostalgia feeling.
I believe her last location was an isolated lagoon, so probably not going to happen.
Go on.
The Carnotaurus played a role in the second Jurassic Park novel, The Lost World. [It wasn't a HUGE role...it never had any direct interaction with the human characters, but it had the ability to camouflage like the Indominus in Jurassic World and was fearsome enough to scare off raptors.](#spoiler) So fans of the book series have been waiting for it to show up for a while.
Because the Carnotaurus is an awesome carnivore. Horns, bony skin protrusions, vestigial arms, and not to mention the trademark short, bulldog-y snout. They've been in pop culture a while, but usually on the fringe. They were also in the second Jurassic Park novel.
I play Ark
Popularity from the Disney's "Dinosaur" movie.
We, uh, may have spared some expenses.
There's geothermal spots everywhere, doesn't mean there's a threat of an erupting volcano.
Hollywood was drunk on all that Jurassic World box office. Thankfully Kathleen sobered up the next morning.
Maybe they're pulling one over our heads? If this whole volcano thing was just the intro and they actually focused the movie on something interesting, I wouldn't complain.
Life finds a way
Congratulations, it's a tie! 
Laura Dern's having a bit of a renaissance herself too
that is based on a book
It's the equivalent of clubbing CGI seals
This trailer sucked glass balls
*"We wanted to honor the spirit of the original film."*
[deleted]
It's not even just dust but superheated gas called pyroclastic flow. He'd be dead in seconds.
https://imgur.com/35bm3iv
I think you mean military style Mercedes RV
At least we are getting another silent assassin T-Rex moment in Jurassic Park movies. /s
[deleted]
12 Angry Dinos
If I get another speech where he's pounding on the table and talking about "patenting it, packaging it, and slapping it on a plastic lunchbox", I'm in. I always liked that part. 

Edit: This one.

Dr. Ian Malcolm: Gee, the lack of humility before nature that's being displayed here, uh... staggers me.

Donald Gennaro: Well thank you, Dr. Malcolm, but I think things are a little bit different then you and I had feared...

Dr. Ian Malcolm: Yeah, I know. They're a lot worse.

Donald Gennaro: Now, wait a second now, we haven't even seen the park...

John Hammond: No, no, Donald, Donald, Donald... let him talk. There's no reason... I want to hear every viewpoint, I really do.

Dr. Ian Malcolm: Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here? Genetic power is the most awesome force the planet's ever seen, but you wield it like a kid that's found his dad's gun.

Donald Gennaro: It's hardly appropriate to start hurling generalizations...

Dr. Ian Malcolm: If I may... Um, I'll tell you the problem with the scientific power that you're using here, it didn't require any discipline to attain it. You read what others had done and you took the next step. You didn't earn the knowledge for yourselves, so you don't take any responsibility for it. You stood on the shoulders of geniuses to accomplish something as fast as you could, and before you even knew what you had, you patented it, and packaged it, and slapped it on a plastic lunchbox, and now
[bangs on the table]
You're selling it, you wanna sell it. Well...

John Hammond: I don't think you're giving us our due credit. Our scientists have done things which nobody's ever done before...

Dr. Ian Malcolm: Yeah, yeah, but your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they *should.*

John Hammond: Condors. *Condors* are on the verge of extinction...

Dr. Ian Malcolm: [shaking his head] No...

John Hammond: If I was to create a flock of condors on this island, you wouldn't have anything to say.

Dr. Ian Malcolm: No, hold on. This isn't some species that was obliterated by deforestation, or the building of a dam. Dinosaurs had their shot, and nature selected them for extinction.

John Hammond: I simply don't understand this Luddite attitude, especially from a scientist. I mean, how can we stand in the light of discovery, and not act?

Dr. Ian Malcolm: What's so great about discovery? It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores. What you call discovery, I call the rape of the natural world.

Dr. Ellie Sattler: Well, the question is, how can you know anything about an extinct ecosystem? And therefore, how could you ever assume that you can control it? I mean, you have plants in this building that are poisonous, you picked them because they look good, but these are aggressive living things that have no idea what century they're in, and they'll defend themselves, violently if necessary.

John Hammond: Dr. Grant, if there's one person here who could appreciate what I'm trying to do...

Dr. Alan Grant: The world has just changed so radically, and we're all running to catch up. I don't want to jump to any conclusions, but look... Dinosaurs and man, two species separated by 65 million years of evolution have just been suddenly thrown back into the mix together. How can we possibly have the slightest idea what to expect?

John Hammond: [laughing] I don't believe it. I don't believe it! You're meant to come down here and defend me against these characters, and the only one I've got on my side is the blood-sucking lawyer!

Donald Gennaro: Thank you.
Then at the end of the movie the island blows up and all of it was a waste of time.

And he didnt want to pay the only dude who knew how the computer system worked...
No expense was spared
Also Iceland.
And the way the t-rex bites the smaller dino right at the last second is pretty much right out of the original movie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RZi6NCuLbQ
please god
I'm betting a raptor picks him up, and he comes riding out of the cloud on its back.
The George Lucas method 
That wasn't fun.
Her name is Rexy!
I personally like to believe that the JP3 Rex was the infant from TLW. 
I can't remember, did they explain why she and the rest of the first movie's dinosaurs didn't die from lack of lysine after a couple days?
To be fair, that was a lawyer. Lawyers are often compared to animals that have reptilian traits, as are dinosaurs, despite not actually being lizards.

T-Rex is just a sister with no name who is trying to save humans from scaly, carnivorous threats.
Now I want the jurassic ____ movies to just have the main characters get in more and more ridiculously precarious situations, only to have that same T-Rex show up at the last second to save them in various zany ways

Edit: [Suffer ](https://youtu.be/KcIfDp-S72M)
Except for Chris Pratt. They become buds and ride off into the sunset together. 
I'd imagine the film would still carry over the idea of militarized dinos from the previous one.  Perhaps the dinos getting evacuated are secretly going to be shipped to a military facility that Dr. Wu is in charge of, maybe for further breeding or more hybrids.  And when the protagonists find out, they break out the dinos from their cages and stuff just like Vince Vaughn did in Lost World.

 But what I don't get is why go through the danger of taking dinosaurs from Isla Nublar during a volcanic eruption.  Couldn't they just go to Isla Sorna, Site B?  JW never mentioned that island, I hope this movie does.  Either Site B is also in danger from the volcano, or the Spinosaurus from JP3 ate everything (as it was bred in secret, as implied by Grant in that movie)
The dinosaurs intentionally made the volcano go off to have a crew get them to the continental United States for a takeover.
Yea but JW made over a $billion so of course they're gonna double down on that shit. Blockbusters are made more for Chinese audiences now.
It's written by the same guy who directed and revised the script for JW, Colin Trevorrow. He is a proven hack when it comes to film, and the only reason he's even relevant in regards to this property is because no matter *who* wrote/directed JW, they would've had a successful hit on their hands because of the nostalgia factor. 

This movie is still going to make a nice bit of change, but it's still going to suck. Calling it now: 55-65% on Rotten Tomatoes, 40-50% on MetaCritic. It's going to be a CGI-fest with zero character substance, much like the trailer.
This is the only answer that matters. They give zero fucks if the movie is good or not. Put a bunch of CGI dinos on screen. Sprinkle in some chris Pratt. Slap "Jurassic whatever" on the poster. Profit. 
And they didn't think to...foreshadow this at least in Jurassic World? Not even a mention? I didn't even realize there was a potential active volcano ON the island.
They got all my nostalgia last time, so they can’t really sell me personally on that front.
JW gave us the Park actually working as it was intended to. Something I really wanted to see.



This shit looks like it could’ve come out alongside the original Jurassic Park sequels 15 years ago.
Would actually make for a more interesting movie at this point. 
The next movie after Fallen Kingdom is just a two-hour mockumentary *a la* Planet Earth about the dinosaurs living peacefully once they're free from the confines that humans created.
In the book...   not the movie
I was about to call bull but then... yeah, forgot that in the book Malcolm died and then Crichton retconned him back in. 

Side note, I did enjoy the second Jurassic Park book. Much more than the second movie anyway.
And it was amazing because Jeff Goldblum is Jeff Goldblum.
Holy shit imagine being that dude emerging among the wreckage.
There were other survivors (via wikipedia):  

> The only other survivors in the town were Léon Compère-Léandre, a shoemaker whose house was on the very edge of the pyroclastic flow, and a young girl called Havivra Da Ifrile, who ran from the lava, got into a boat and survived when it was washed out to sea.

That's cool that you're in the movie too.
The movie was written while the writers were drinking shots.
Stupid Crisp Rat
Audience: *sigh, shakes head* "I really love that man"
[deleted]
YOU BROKE NEW GROUND 
A cat, uh... grows claws!
Extremely hydrophobic coating?
All the dinosaurs are girls. Girls don't poop.


Not an issue.
[deleted]
Yeah I'll pay $12 to watch a movie with Goldbloom laughing over everyone's dialog. 
The one with the raptor and Pratt was super hilarious
It seems like it's going to be an obvious retelling of the same plot from The Lost World. Go in to rescue the dinos, meet second team with the same goal but opposing view point, dinos get loose in populated area. This time it'll be militarized dinos getting lose instead of one t-rex. 
Like, there's no way that that's the climax of this movie, right? They showed wayyyy too much of what seemed like a pretty cool scene regardless of where it lies. 
The fucking music. Or lack of music. Literally three notes played by the strings (listen at [1:36](https://youtu.be/vn9mMeWcgoM?t=96)). It's heard across ALL OF THESE FUCKING TRAILERS. 

Compare to John Williams' original score:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEZh88vz8b8

Now we get Bb->A->Bb like they could only afford to pay the composer for one measure of music. I think it's attempting to riff off of [this part of the original theme](https://youtu.be/oEZh88vz8b8?t=111) but holy shit it's not even close.
I like how no one recognizes that Chris Pratt’s character actually has a name. It’s just Chris Pratt. 
I expected it to show that in the trailer when Goldbloom said "finds a way"  
Just hard cut at that final line to a bunch if Dinos swarming into a city.
No, they're actually famous for the fossils always being found on their backs. They fall in the water and can't swim
Actually in ARK they are surprisingly strong swimmers
Jeff Golblum plays a star witness for the prosecution, which doesn't want to allow the dinosaurs into the country, but B.D. Wong plays the star witness for the defense, a particular corporation that wants to allow the dinosaurs in for continued testing and experimentation.

Following an arduous legal battle, the dinosaurs are allowed into the country. We **then** discover that the plans for the dinosaurs are based on grants provided by government *military* contracts, as I believe was eluded to in the first Jurassic World.

Learning of this, Golblum and his rag-tag bunch of anti-dinosaur brethren break *in* to the facility where the dinosaurs are being kept. They inadvertently trigger an alarm, which has them beset upon by crazed, militarized dinosaurs. This culminates in a 1-on-1 showdown between Jeff Golblum and a velociraptor, but this time Jeff has what he believes is a full proof advantage; an exosuit ALA Aliens, with fully loaded weaponry. 

BUT, just as he believes he has the advantage, a laser guided missile system emerges from the dinosaurs back. Shocked, Jeff Golbulm is pushed back in his exosuit. He's on the ropes, there's no way he's going to survive... 

BAM, MOTHERFUCKING T-REX TO THE RESCUE, BITCHES! THOUGHT THAT SHIT WAS DEAD ON THE FUCKING VOLCANO, HUH!? HELL NO!

GOLBLUM BLOWS UP THE FACILITY, CREDITS
Yep. I believe even the T-Rex was a little skittish passing through their territory, it pretty much ran in, musked/marked up a Jeep full of people, and ran off. Like when a bunch of dogs take turns pissing on the same bush like, "NO IT'S MINE."

They -did- actually interact with it, though. The whole gas station sequence, they scared it off with the flash-light by forcing it to constantly change its camo to adapt to the changing lighting until it got anxious.

I've read The Lost World a LOT, I always enjoyed it more than I did the first book.
And the main antagonists in Disney's Dinosaur!
That chapter was open of my favorite chapters from the Lost World. Especially since they had camouflage abilities
Yeah, I immediately recognized the baryonyx and really hope they do some cool stuff with it.

Fuck now I need to boot up my ark server again and take Other Bary out for a spin.
and the accompanying hand puppet from McDonald's.
are you kidding? you think volcano's are cheap?
I like this idea
Now we just need Sam Neill to make a comeback and the world will be perfect again
>*"We wanted to honor the spirit of the original film."*

"So we had a raptor ride the OG Trex as he fought a mutant Rexraptor"
*"It's so dense, every single image has soo many things going on."*
[deleted]
Nah it's fine. Just some hot ash clouds that literally encased the people in Pompeii thousands of years ago.
Ib4 the Trex saves him by carefully cradling him in her mouth so she sacrifices herself for the greater good. Then the dust clears and a bit later we get a big reveal of the rest of the cast stumbling across the burned ash coated body, and you hear some kind of muffled yell.

Then everyone is super shocked as you hear a clearer yell while they freak out and pry open the mouth to get him out. Immediately after big bad dino #2 shows up (the real bad guy of the film) but now the rex can't save them again, so they have to run and never address how the fuck the other thing survived the ash and super heated pyroclastic flow.
The stealthiest animal to ever roam the planet.
To Kill a Pterodactyl.
I read the book when I was in 7th grade right before the movie came out.  I remember more of the movie now than the book but I really think this sums up what Crichton was saying and what is the most profound concept of the franchise.  It's also why I think each new movie doesn't really offer anything unique although they are entertaining.
This is what made the first one so great.  It felt real and asked important questions.  This was my least favorite scene as a kid, but my favorite one now.  Truly science-fiction.  The new movies are just dinosaur action orgasms made to sell tickets...
It's amazing how when this film came out 25 or so years ago, to the first grader watching it, this was the boring scene at the beginning you had to sit through to get to the dinosaurs eating people. Now as an adult, it's the standout scene of the film.
[Do we have the clip? Let’s go to the clip.](https://youtu.be/4PLvdmifDSk)
There was no sparing of expenses
Indonesia 
Almost exactly like what happened in the first reboot when the water dinosaur attacked the other.  Amazing how conveniently these things always work out...
Kinda of like when a dinosaur has the humans trapped and all hope is lost but then out of a nowhere a bigger dinosaur bites the smaller dinosaur.  
  
I'm pretty sure that might of happened in JP 1, 2, 3 OR 4.
Okay, I was already laughing, but the zoom-in on the crystallized mosquito with three pairs of heels? I'm dead.
[You're welcome.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqwU6SahymQ)
"Being horny is the key to all this"
Agreed....

*tear runs down face*
Sexy Rexy.  (Not the Bears greatest qb ever.)
HER NAME IS REXY!
But then his story ends on a sad note..
Herbivores ate food rich in lysine. Carnivores ate the herbivores.
"WHY DID WE BUILD A DINOSAUR THEME PARK ON THE MOON"

"...don't question it"

*T-rex headbutts a velociraptor into the sun, then screams but nobody hears it because space*
"By God! We're all outta *milk*!"

*Rexy bursts into Walmart*
Not gonna lie. When I saw Jurassic World, I cried when T. rex came out to fight I. rex. 

I was also pregnant.

Still tho. T. rex.
So a T-Rex, Starlord and a raptor with blue streaks walk into a bar
Transportation must be hard though, seeing they've gone full primal. Good point!
> But what I don't get is why go through the danger of taking dinosaurs from Isla Nublar during a volcanic eruption. 

Maybe the eruption got triggered by something or happened earlier than expected. I bet they thought they had plenty of time to get the dinos off the island and as they lollygag and go at a chill pace the eruption happens and causes chaos and scrambling.

I bet two kids go off exploring the island because they totally bring kids with them on a dangerous mission like this.  they go behind the "Do not enter. Warning. Danger. volcano inside!" area and decide to throw dynamite into it because why not? and that causes the movie to happen. 
Wow. Vince Vaughn was in The Lost World. 
Would've been the easiest throw away line to place. Just have someone mention a report of the "geothermal power planet issue to due to a lava spike that that is under control"
They probably weren't planning that far ahead. 
But..But..but Jeff Goldblum says his line!
> JW gave us the Park actually working as it was intended to. Something I really wanted to see.

Except they completely wasted it. 

They spent the majority of the time in the jungle, the park guests didn't even SEE the Indominus Rex (let alone know it existed) and as soon as they're attacked by the Pterodactyls, the park is evacuated.

Yaaay.
Jurrasic World 3: At Long Last, Competence. 
aliens attack and as the xenomorph queen moves to eat Chris Pratt in roars T-Rex and Blue
Yeah I know, I read the book, but not the sequel. I just saw that Malcolm is in the second book but didn't realise the inconsistency til I saw this comment. 
He nailed it; I really bought him as Jeff Goldblum. It's really a shame that they ended up cheaping out and didn't follow through with casting him in all the other main roles on the show, too.
Imagine being that dude sitting a cell wondering why the guards are taking forever to bring your meal.
Can I be in the movie too?
Dear God that made me laugh
Although of novelty of the line is kind of ruined from the trailer 
We will hear one lonesome man in the third row nervously holler: “Wooo!” when Goldblum says this.  

The man will have known the line was coming, after seeing this very trailer. Nevertheless, it will be one of the highlights of his year.
It'd need to be one-big-pile-o-shit-aphobic
So really fucking slippery with little to no friction in order to move. 
Yep. I can see it now. The “other team” will be led by Anti-Crisp Rat, another roguishly handsome young dude who will flirt with BDH (probably be the ex-bf she talks about in the trailer), adding another layer to why Crisp Rat goes against logic and releases the Dinos on the mainland.  
Apparently there’s another hybrid dinosaur thing running around. So, I guess it’s escape the Volcano explosion while escaping another killer dinosaur?
Chris Pratt said that the trailer only contained clips from the first half of the movie
Does anyone remember Chris Pratt's name in the movie?
Crisp Rat
If the dinosaurs can all swim and they explain it with "well they have frog DNA" I will smother myself with the body pillow I modified to look like Alan Grant
:'(

Take all my money.
Wow,you really spared no expense on this one.

Will there be a line where a raptor is begging for mercy and trying to talk his way out of getting smoked.

Goldbulm: "Life....uh.. finds a way..."

*cocks shotgun*

Goldbulm:"but not today!"

BLAMO!
OP delivered. Fuckin’ take my upvote, and a beer if we ever meet IRL.
Yes, I do remember that. What I meant was that they didn't actually attack or kill anyone. Though now that I think about it, I actually think it may have been implied that Diego was killed by one at the beginning of the book and Levine was attacked by one. I always read it as a raptor attack, but now that I think about it, it may have been implied somewhere that it was a Carnotaurus. 
Those guys scared the crap out of me in that movie. Absolutely terrified younger me.
That Movie is absolutely underrated. A lot of people have no idea what im talking about when I mention it 
Also way bigger in that movie. 
I still have it lying around
lmao

"Uh Mr. Hammon, why did we spend $137.3B on a fully-functional volcano?"

"what'd i tell you, WE SPARED NO EXPENSE"
I heard he's doing a play with Matt Damon. 
I would honestly prefer to watch Laura Dern and Sam Neill sitting on a couch together watching this movie than watch this movie.
The fucking plot is so garbage. YOU HAD ONE JOB HOLLYWOOD.
Except stay married
Unless there's a glass of water nearby.
A few good claws
That was Crichton's thing when it came to sci-fi. His books were generally about what's hot in the technology/scientific fields, and questioned the ethics/dangers of those things. He did in Jurassic Park, Andromeda Strain, Congo (to an extent), Prey, and less impressively State of Fear.
Jurassic World felt specifically like it was meant to appeal to kids. Jurassic Park on the other hand I think appealed to all ages. I loved it as a kid, because there were dinosaurs, and they seemed totally alive. As an adult I love it for the same reasons, but also for the serious tone and believable characters. Jurassic World I liked more as a nostalgia kind of thing, but the dinosaurs in the movie all looked horribly fake (I think someone made a YouTube video explaining why this happened) and the parts of the movie focusing on just the two kids made me feel like I was watching an episode of Goosebumps or something (One Day in Jurassic Horror Land) and most of the characters were entirely unbelievable. Chris Pratt in particular was very much stereotypical movie hero guy.

I don’t really know where the franchise is going, but I don’t particularly like it. Things seem way too kid friendly and inspired by the sort of comedic action adventure movies of the Marvel universe. The ethical questions of JW seemed kind of glossed over and they did not stand out like that fore mentioned JP scene were Ian Malcolm is tearing into Hammond for what he’s doing. 
No spare was expensed
I can see Mt. St. Helens from my house.
It also happens in Star Wars: Episode one.. albeit underwater.

"There's always a bigger fish!" 
The car with the high heel wheels omfg
Why not both?
It’s hard to care about football when it’s Rex Manning Day!
fuck it, I'm throwing it [downfield](https://kissingsuzykolber.wordpress.com/2006/11/27/f-k-it-im-throwing-it-downfield/).
WHY DID YOU SAY THAT NAME?!
crossover between universal films coming up with the Trex on the moon joining up with dominic torretto on the moon
Comes out carrying milk jugs in her little arms.
It was amazing.  They hid it from marketing until after release.
Is the Raptor's name Mary Poppins Y'all?
and there's also the reasoning behind Claire's willingness to return to the island.  Aside from being a main character that goes for the sake of plot, I can't imagine why she'd be involved.  She looked at the dinosaurs as "assets" and cared more about profits than seeing her nephews and people's lives.  If they were smart, they'd give the character a secret agenda that she hides from Pratt, like the idea of militarizing the dinos left on the island
Yeah, like, even something like that.

Again, the fact that I didn't even KNOW there was a volcano on the island is kind of a bad sign of writing. (Not to mention bad world building).
And the T-Rex says his too!
He says it, but he doesn’t sell it. His delivery seemed pretty meh to me, as though he was bored. He definitely sounded more invested in his Thor Ragnarok role, which gives me the impression that he’s just in this for fan service and won’t be much of a supporting character. 
And they kill the only interesting actor in a throwaway gag to release the pterodactyls.  So they have any reason at all to show the guests again.

Felt like a kid playing with toys and just making shit up, not at all like an actual story.

Jurassic World 4: Things are Still Good and the Park is Exceeding Earnings Expectations
Jurrassic Five, Fuck Me: Raptors are really good at math and not so people hungry after the language barrier broke.
He just says that the surgeons did a really good job and then move on like nothing happens.
He was in there for three days - with some bread and a bowl of water. He had a tiny window so he could feel the heat (had burns on parts of his body) 
Not if it's ONLY in the trailer. Wouldn't that be brilliant.
I agree, they should have saved it for the movie, it might have been corny, but let's be real here I think most people would secretly be happy. 
I like that guy, he's honest.
Now I kind of want to be that guy
The coming of the Anti-Crisp was foretold 
Nah thats a real dinosuar, a [Carnatosaurus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnotaurus). It was one of my favorites as a kid. 
Half Dinosaur, Half Volcano!!
Johny Tsunami
Yes, it was definitely implied the carnotaurus was responsible.
That was actually a really good movie thinking back on it.
Yeah, the movie had them in the size range of Tyrannosaurus/Albertosaurus. 

When in reality, they were smaller than Allosaurus, and much closer to what we just saw in the trailer.

I get why the moved them up in size, the Iguanadons needed to be dwarfed to actually look like they’re outmatched.

Dinosaur is still one of my favorite movies, but they put those Carnotaurus on roids.
That one was quite 'low key' for a man of his talents
Oh shit. 
Damn, that burn was hotter than a pyroclastic flow.
Or a small puddle
Dr. Malcolm goes to Washington
Judge: We'd like to see the evidence, please

Goldblum: You can't handle the tooth!!!!

Seriously, I am really hating the direction Hollywood is taking with a lot of these films/remakes. Great ideas but crap execution. We need good movies again. :(
You think you have it bad?

I can see my mother-in-law from mine.
"We gotta get into that moon base over the horizon in the next 2 hours or else the Earth will be destroyed..."

"But Dom, we're completely out of fuel!"

*booming vibrations, slowly getting stronger*

*T-Rex headbutts the car in the direction of the moon base, then roars*

"Thanks, Rex!"
Think of the crossover potential. 

Vin Diesel's car is knocked out of control when the bad guy sideswipes him in his hovertank, and he spins towards a cliff. We wonder if this is it for the Furious Franchise, when out of nowhere, T-REX clamps her jaws onto the hood of the car just as it swings out over the abyss. 

Dom scrambles across the hood of his car and onto her snout, she lets go, and it tumbles away. He slides down her back and pats her on the side of her head. "After him!" And they continue the chase.
It was. Quite honestly I don't understand how T. rex has not replaced the Bald Eagle as the US's National Emblem. I don't think there is one millenial American out there who doesn't adore T. rex on account of the original JP. 

Comment not to be taken 100% srs.
it is now!
According to press material given out, she's joined PETA for dinosaurs basically. So ya know, a complete 180 degree turn from the characterization of the first movie. She wants to go to the island to save them from extinction again because they deserve to live....this movie looks like a decent popcorn flick, but if I go in searching for any sort of depth I'm going to leave angry. 
There's no chance they'll be any depth to this movie. 
Probably came up with the idea while writing the sequel? That's the only reason I can think of for the lack of foreshadowing. 
Marvel let him go full Goldblum. Now that he's had a full meal instead of little tastes he's never going back. 
are you talking about Jimmy Buffet?
Jurassic World 5: We set up a transparent, globally funded prehistoric preservation body comprised of knowledgeable environmental scientists to identify safe low-impact locations where the Dinosaurs can live without undermining the local ecology or endangering humans.
Jurassic World 10: War for the Apes, but with Dinos instead of Apes. Also Chris Pratt's a Dino now, thanks to the genetic engineering in

Jurassic World 9: It's The Fly, but with Dinos and Pratt playing the Goldblum part, since Goldblum won't work with us after 

Jurrasic World 8: This time we used real Dinos that Elon Musk made for us after the murderrific-catastrophe that was 

Jurassic World 7: The fake Dinos are mad as hell and trying to unionize but end up just eating a lot of people because of what we put them through in 

Jurassic World 6: Of course the Dinos can't be sentient, they're just like birds and birds can't talk and we'll prove it by torturing one metric ton of Dinoflesh because we're still mad about

Jurrasic World 5: 9/11 allegory with suicide-pterodactyls who've developed an irrational hatred for the Raptors who're helping the West solve humanitarian crises in a secular manner after

Jurrasic World 4, Fuck Me (Part 2): Raptors are really good at math and not so many people are hungry after the language barrier broke in.

Jurassic World 3, Fuck Me (Part 1): The military finally gets their hands on some Dinos and start running ops with them only to discover they're intelligent, so scientists take over and start running some tests.

Jurassic World 2: Surprise Dante's Peak

Jurassic World: Surprise reboot!

Jurassic Park 3: The search for more money

The Lost World:  We had to because of the book

Jurassic Park: We spared no expense, except the volcano-did I say volcano? I didn't say volcano. No one said volcano!...I might've said volcano...
It's a cop-out, but in fairness, the original book left some room for it.

It's something along the lines of:

> Dr. Grant: "What happened to Malcolm?"

> Muldoon shook his head.

And that's all that was said.

Edit: The epilogue implies that Malcolm is for sure dead.  In response to this, I declare that the epilogue is not canon.
Much like Mr. Burns, Malcolm was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was pronounced dead. He was then transferred to a better hospital where doctors upgraded his condition to alive.
[deleted]
It's just spoonfeeding the stupid. 
[deleted]
He's talking about the Indoraptor. They have plans to add in another hybrid, too. The Carnotaurus and the Suchomimus seem to be throwaway villains.
My cousin Velociraptor
J.A.G. (Jurassic Attorney General) 
Well she is fucking huge.
"you want a corona?"

RAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWR

"salud mi familia"
It would certainly make the stunts in that franchise more believable.
I'm taking this comment seriously and there's nothing you can do about it.
How I imagine this movie:

"Gee whiz, this ragtag group of teenagers, comedic relief misfits and animal lovers should have no problem saving these dinosaurs from volcano's, powerful multinational corporations, and the military!"
It's like you people forgot her reaction to the dying apatosaurus...they already planted this seed.
To be fair you did see her feel remorse for some of the dead dinos the Irex killed.

It's basically the opposite of what happened with Grant.
Masrani.  He seemed like an actual interesting character. Turns out his only purpose is to crash a helicopter.


Jurassic World 6: The Forgotten Tax Returns

And everything devolves to shit again. 
*Muldoon shook his head. Dr. Grant didn't realise that all that meant was that Malcolm had gotten slashed up and locked himself in a freezer as he tended to his wounds, but that's how life goes. Muldoon didn't bother to speak up when he realised that they were evacuating without Malcolm, because Muldoon is an asshole.*
It's been years since I've read it, but doesn't Malcolm even give the Princess Bride explanation before a classroom that he was only "mostly dead"?
In the epilogue it's mentioned that the Costa Rican government won't permit the burials of Malcolm and Hammond. I know because I JUST finished the audiobook last night. 
Tom hanks stuck in a jail cell for 72 hours
And could erupt at any moment. It is the holidays after all. 
Yea.  I kinda want a t rex on the flag now. Or at least on some money.  Like the back of the one.
I imagine it as Jurassic Park 2 but with extra volcano eruption. 

I kind of hope they inexplicably bring the T-rex to the US again, it gets loose and Malcolm is like GODDAMMIT GUYS.
This can't be real lol
Right, after all, why would you bury someone that's still alive? 
Castaway 2: Wilsons Redemption
"A Brother may not be a friend, but a Friend will always be a T-Rex."  

-Benjamin Franklin
Nope, it's in the book. Page 342 in the 25th Anniversary paperback edition.
The better movie is always in the comments. 
