This looks really cute and I think it’s about time the gay community get a happy rom - com 
Looks great, that final bit with everyone coming out as straight was pretty damn funny.
It genuinely seems like a really good movie that will get its point across without being so overbearing and aggressive in it's own right and wanting to get the 'message' across that it will attract ALL demographics.

Can't wait to see this, and hope it does well!
Not really the target demographic of this sub, I know, but fuck I am so excited. I hold the book this is based on (Simon vs the Homosapiens Agenda) so very close to my heart. 
Wait... that doesn‘t look overly melodramatic, awkwardly heavy-handed and just bad but instead... genuine and fun. That‘s not what I expected. I‘ll go see this!
A gay rom/com that's not pandering for an Oscar cause it has a gay man as the lead. Sign me tf up. 

And great casting for Simon. Nick Robinson 100% is not the "stereotype" of a gay man in our country, this movie seems to be handling this subject so well. I will be there for this one!!! 
Big fan of the style this movie seems to be going for like The Way Way back, Kings of Summer(knew I recognized him), and Me and earl and the Dying Girl. I'll definitely be seeing this. Looks good. 

Also yeah it seems like they're handling the subject matter in a real way and not getting preachy which is cool.
I'm trying to remember if there wasn't something before, but this sounds like the first mainstream Hollywood movie about homosexuality that isn't trying to pander for an Oscar. It's just a coming of age movie. That makes this look fresh.
I'm so excited!! I loved the book and yes I'm a sucker for YA 😅
So excited for this. The book was incredibly relatable and funny and so easy to read through. I loved the characters and Simon was someone I wanted to be friends with. It reminds me of another one of my favorite books, Perks of Being a Wallflower. 

Like another poster mentioned, I’m also glad they didn’t chose an actor and made him up to look “gay”. In real life, not everyone walks around with a gay glowing sign on their heads. Not everyone who’s gay looks and talks or dresses a certain way that’s been portrayed and conditioned society to think is accurate. 

And I love the catch phrase in the trailer, that is also in the book; “Why is straight the default?” Can’t wait! 
Anybody know the name of the song they use in the trailer?
I'm ready for the think pieces that compare and contrast this film to *Call Me By Your Name*. I think this and *CMBYN* are gonna start a shift where more gay themed films will reach the mainstream. Sorta like how *The Hunger Games* film started the whole dystopian teen movie craze. Hoping the films that come from this era will have more quality though.
Wasn’t there one starring John Lithgow and Alfred Molina?
Would you recommend reading the book before watching this? I saw the author on Twitter seemed super happy with how the film has turned out, so that seems promising.
I can't decide is my fave line is Are you trying to kill? Or Oh, God, help me Jesus! Yeah, it's Oh, God, help me Jesus! 
Surrender by Walk the Moon
Not going to happen , never be mainstream
[deleted]
It's not a happy movie at all.
I would recommend reading the book period. It's not for everyone, it's very sappy and cheesy and very YA. But it has a heart and the romance is so pure. I recently came out of the closet when I read it myself and was absolutely floored by how accurate and relatable it was. Like, if I ever wanted someone to know how it feels to be a gay teen in the 21st century, this is the book I would personally point them to. And that's coming from someone who has read quite a lot of queer YAF.
Def read the book!!! It's one of the best YA novels to have come out within recent time.
What movie?
