How cool that they got Dick Van Dyke in this one! He looks spry at 92.
[In one podcast made months ago](https://secure-hwcdn.libsyn.com/p/2/b/9/2b908ea5d2b56b09/EDITED_The_Aaron_Hartline_Interview_Regular_Edition.mp3?c_id=20951106&cs_id=20951106&expiration=1537193850&hwt=ed30266c92210ddc108490375accb18d), animator Tony Bancroft revealed that Mary Poppins Returns will have 20 minutes of 2D animation from an episode of The Bancraft Brothers podcast.
They brought back Dick Van Dyke!
I was teetering.... and then I saw the old school animation again when they’re transported back into the Chalk Pavement universe and the  nostalgia came flooding back. Sign me up. 
Is Emily Blunt doing her own singing? She sounds great. 
He may have been your father, boy, but he wasn't your nanny
Didn't Christopher Robin had similar plot? 
I really hope this reinvigorates the love for Disney's 2D animation rather than just putting a bow on it and hiding it away until the next nostalgic sequel. 
What a cast! I can see one of its soundtracks be nominated for Best Original Song.  
  
My crush on Emily Blunt has been amplified by over twenty times with that accent. 
I loved how colourful this is. Most of Disney's live actions films are really gritty in tone for some reason so i'm glad that this is straying away from that.
I'm sorry but can more people please talk about the fact that they've **BROUGHT BACK 2D HAND DRAWN ANIMATION! IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!**
I’m excited for this one - Emily Blunt captures a lot of the whimsy of the Mary Poppins I remember, and her singing sounds really good on its own rather than a copy of Julie Andrews. The animated world looks beautiful and it’s great to see Dick Van Dyke again. It looks like they’re trying to recapture a lot of what people loved about the original film!
I feel like an idiot for not recognizing Lin Manuel Miranda sooner. 
The moment they showed some of the 2D animation they sold me on the movie. This actually *looks* like a Disney movie. Beautiful trailer.
[deleted]
Mary Poppins: Full Metal Bitch ((Edge of Tomorrow))
Please for the love of *everything*; be good.

I had *many* reservations about this movie when I first heard Disney was making a sequel to my favorite Disney movie of all time (For real, Mary Poppins has always been my favorite Disney movie). It's one of those movies that ended *perfectly*, and that in my opinion should have been left alone.

***But***, after hearing Julie Andrews has gone on record and fully approves of Emily Blunt in this movie, after seeing her performance in this trailer, and after learning that Dick Van Dyke himself is making a return...you have my attention.

I hope this film, as a sequel, does the original film justice. The original is a timeless classic, in **EVERY** meaning of the word, and I would hope that Disney is prepared to spare no expense when it comes to making a proper sequel. 

I *truly* want this film to be good; and I hope Disney can deliver on the magic that the trailer has shown.
With due respect to the author, I'm glad they squeezed in a couple of penguins. (She hated them). This looks absolutely magical and delicious, I can't wait to see it.
Wake me when Shary Bobbins comes back
1st reaction: I wasn't expecting to have a tear in my eye today. somehow parts of this trailer did it

2nd reaction: holy crap Dick Van Dyke is now the right age to play the banker he played in the first one
After only hearing a few notes of the song Emily Blunt was singing I know it’s going to be a real tearjerker for a lot people. I love how Disney songs are letting kids realize that death does happen but that doesn’t mean they are gone forever,  they are just out of place. I remember when my uncle by marriage died and it seems like everyone forgot about him becuase he wasn’t really well like (my aunt and him divorced when I was young but I still saw him on special occasions), but every time I go to an airport I still remember that one dumb pun he made and I smile about h
The 2D animation, the cast, the music argh......Will this go Paddington 2 or Christopher Robin on the scale of my childhood nostalgia. 
Fuck. I wasn’t bothered about this movie. But then the colors, the music, the nostalgia. I’m sat here with a big grin on my face. Can’t fucking wait now!
Jesus H. Christ YouTube's compression algorithm really shits the bed around [1:35](https://youtu.be/-3jsfXDZLIY?t=1m35s) when the flowers begin swirling on the screen.

Anyone got a higher quality mirror version of this trailer somewhere so it doesn't look like Poppins is taking the kids instead to the make-believe land of fucked up [JPEGs](https://youtu.be/QEzhxP-pdos)?
Was hoping for a Michael Rooker appearance.
Still fully expecting Julie Andrews to make a surprise cameo, but until that's confirmed, getting Angela Lansbury (Miss Price in 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks', basically the closest Disney came to a 'Mary Poppins' sequel before this) is a great call. 
I was so cynical about this and even though I love Lin and think Emily Blunt is amazing, I was sure this was not only a bad idea but going to be terrible. I feel very wrong, this is such an exciting trailer. I used to watch Mary Poppins almost daily as a kid and I can’t wait to see this. 

And speaking of Lin, that accent! He found the right level of hammy. Must’ve been a fun exercise for a voice coach. “Here’s how it sounds, so try for that but also make it ridiculous in the best way”
Lin's accent is great! I also love Emily's singing, this is gonna be awesome!
I'm.... Strangely hyped for this? I remember watching Mary Poppins multiple times with my family as a kid. It would be amazing if this movie is able to live up to it. I'm going to go Google Step in Time now.
Just glad it wasn't Tim Burton directing this thing.
I got teary eyed watching this trailer. The original represents such a happier time in my life. One of my fondest memories is watching this with my grandmother and siblings and loving it. Incredible how songs and film can transport you back in time like that. 
I am so excited for this. Looks like it has so much of that charm and magic of the original!

Side note: I only hope I can move as well as Dick Van Dyke when I’m his age!
Is nobody going to talk about how amazing Dick Van Dyke looked in this trailer. I'm still happy after seeing that moment.
I don't know why this made me cry.
Oh wow it looks so magical 
OMG OMG OMG, I'm 51 years old and I've never been so excited!!
Will admit the old style animation looks amazing , got proper nostalgia feelings watching this. Well done Disney. I hate what your doing with a certain other franchise but killing it with others 
the whole idea of cinema is to take you to worlds you couldn’t dream of yourself (as cheesy as that sounds) but that’s why i’m interested in both this and Nutcracker. 
Well now I just wanna watch the original.
I’m Mary Poppins Y’all
gonna go out on a limb here and say that this movie is going to make a decent amount of money for disney. just a hunch...
Everyone's talking about Dick Van Dyke but hardly anyone has mentioned Angela Lansbury.

So delightful.

Bedknobs and Broomsticks was on regular rotation on my VCR as a child.
Colin Firth in a family magic movie with mostly British actors? Shocking!
We need Mary Poppins now more than ever. 
Man...Disney knows how to hit me right in the nostalgia. I cried 
Looks like yet another in a long line of failures from Disney. Will flop just like all the rest at the box office. Surprised they don't just send it straight to VOD.

Oh who am I kidding this will do gangbusters this Christmas.
IM MARY POPPINS Y'ALL
Shut up and take my money.

Side note: if we could reboot "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" as well, that'd be great.
Watch Meryl Streep get a Oscar nomination. /s
Looks awesome. I was really delighted when I saw the hand-drawn animation pop up in the trailer 
Did Dick Van Dyke become one of the bankers?
This is gonna be amazing and Emily Blunt is perfect for the role! 
[When you see that Dick Van Dyke is in the sequel.](https://i.imgur.com/Dd7ZWbp.gif)
#**IM MARY POPPINS Y'ALL**
100% sold on this movie the moment I saw Dick Van Dyke dancing on the table.
man this just made me realize how much we've been missing high-quality, classical, whimsical and fantastical movies that don't feel like hollywood-drivel. There is something very pure and true-to-form about this trailer that makes it feel classic.
This looks remarkable. I know this movie in particular is getting a lot of the "no one asked for it" treatment, and it's tough because I am sort of in that boat - I love Disney a lot, but the original isn't a huge favorite of mine and while I've generally liked most of the live action remakes/sequels, I agree that not *every* classic movie needs one.

But everything about this trailer just looks so special. The cast looks great, the music is wonderful, the overall visual feel seems perfect, and the message looks to be similar to that of Christopher Robin, but one that I think will work better and be more poignant here. And good god, that 2D animation looks amazing.

I'm so here for this.
Mary poppins is a time Lord confirmed. 
Good to see Yondu has a job
Wow, she sounds so much like Julie Andrews.
And the Oscar goes to...
I SWEAR the guy who acts as Michael was in a kids show that I watched when I was younger because I'm feeling major deja vu when I see his face but I can't find what the hell it was, Wikipedia doesn't say he was on any kids shows either 
Narrator: "Marry Poppins Returns, and she's pissed" [shotgun cocking sound]
I'm pretty sure one of those kids stabbed someone in Game of Thrones
Well this looks very heartwarming 
I'm a 32 year old cynical man and this gave trailer gave me goosebumps, chills even. I came to the comments to come back to earth, but seems like everyone is equally as excited. Thank you Mary Poppins. 
I've been trying not to get hyped about this one because I don't have a lot of confidence in Rob Marshall... but it's hard not to get hyped. *Mary Poppins* is one of my favorite films of all time. I really love the cast (Emily Blunt, in particular, is one of my favorite young actresses and I'm so happy they keep casting her for musicals because she's a good singer). What we've seen so far looks and sounds beautiful... I just hope it doesn't end up being another *Nine*, where all the pieces for a meaningful and unforgettable film are in place but somehow the director managed to make it dull.

The one thing that worries me is that some of the sets make it look like Rob Marshall is going to take the Chicago/Nine approach and purposefully make some of the musical numbers stage-y looking.
Traditional Animation is BACK, everyone. YES. :) I had a feeling ever since Don Bluth visited the studio, they're planning on developing more 2D animated movies to the big screen soon. ;D
All I know is if they work Feed The Birds into the movie somehow, I’ma tear up so hard...
I am a grown ass man in my late 50s and I had tears of joy seeing this movie trailer! AND...Dick Van Dyke has a role as well?!?!?!? YESSSSSSSSS
Man, having Dick Van Dyke and Angela Lansbury in the ensemble sold me my ticket. How cool to see them again!
I hope they get Anne Hathaway for the Sound of Music remake and soon we can have the Julie Andrews Cinematic Universe.
I don't understand why people are excited for this... Like you realise it's just gonna be a pandering remake disguised as a sequel? You realise it's doing the things it does just to make you think its good?
I'm still not feeling it, although lord knows Disney has tried to pull on every single nostalgia string possible with this trailer.

I did smile when Dick Van Dyke showed up. 

Problem is Julie Andrews was both charming, sharp, reserved, and warm all at the same time. Its unfair for anyone to try and replicate that performance. Emily Blunt is an amazing actress.. but she's Emily Blunt, not Andrews. 
Seeing the 2D animated animals in this trailer made me really miss the days of hand drawn animated films. Especially from Disney, the last time Disney used hand drawn animation was the 2012 Winnie The Pooh film.

Also the dancing Lambs from the original 1964 film were cute as hell. Does anybody have a gif of them?
P. L. Travers turns in her grave
Oh wow a revival of a timeless classic!  What an interesting thing to do that I'm definitely not sick of yet.
Dick Van Dyke. 2D animation with the colorful chalk scenes. Nostalgia in just the right amount. Sign me up!
Strange mixture of the grand and the sort of cheap feeling here. Emily blunt's accent sounds more like catherine hepburn than mary poppins and she  comes off as kind of stern, but I'm sure that's just for the trailer. Some of the 70s style acting feels odd on a modern sound stage with modern lighitng and cameras, miranda looks out of place and like somebody in an SNL sketch. But it looks like it's going to be epic overall, I have high hopes, the music and animation looks like they're going to be fantastic. 
And now it’s worth watching because van dyke is in it. 
I honestly started to tear up during the trailer, it just like hits all the marks. The animation, the music, Mary's snappy remarks, Dick Van Dyke; I really can't wait to see it.
Is this the return of talented actors that do more than spit out lines? I would love to see more tap dancing and things of that nature. 

Multi-talented actors for the win.

edit: formatting and spelling
This looks truly magical. I will watch.
Knowing Disney, they will kill off Mary Poppins off with force projection! 
Yup. Mary Poppins is a Time Lord. Confirmed. 
Hey, Angela Lansbury...
I kinda feel bad about saying it because everyone seems to love him but Christ I find LMM so damn annoying 
I didn't think I'd be taking LSD this year, but, here we are.
I know what movie we’ll watch at Christmas this year!


Including my 8yr old who refuses to accept any other Mary Poppins than Julie Andrews. 
“Because she’s the real one, Mama! The new one must be her sister!”
I'm Mary Poppins Y'All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISTZYZq1H80
that was beautiful
Emily Blunt is a beautiful Woman. 
I want to see this simply because Dick Van Dyke is in it.
Ah shoot. Mary Poppins was my absolute favorite Disney movie as a little kid. I'm not crying. 
Was hoping for a Yondu solo flick.  

100% disappointed. 
"I'm here to look after the Bank's children.

Us?

You too." Such a good line, goosebumps. 

I’m Mary poppins y’all!
Looks excellent.. so glad to see classic hand drawn animation. 
Gotta admit, looks like they captured the magic. 

The only thing that surprises me is Mary Poppins seems a bit more posh than I remember.  Maybe it’s just modern Hollywood that they would glamorize her. But the original was very much middle class. While she was mannered and proper, you still got the sense that she was a nanny. I remember the deference she gave to Mr Banks. Emily Blunts version spoke in a posh Received Pronunciation voice.  
Looks decent but there's way too much "muh nostalgia" callbacks going on.
[For anyone wondering why Julie Andrews isn't making a cameo.](https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/mary-poppins-returns-julie-andrews-sequel-disney-emily-blunt-dick-van-dyke-cameo-a7784291.html)
The dude's still got it after all these years. You should had seen his performance of the "Chimney Sweep Dance" number from a previous live show where he showed up out of nowhere.
Totally! I didn't know he was gonna be in it. It's so awesome. Did you know he goes around with a [barbershop quartet doing Disney songs](https://youtu.be/eAdf0TqaSws)?
His character doesn't appear to have aged at all from the original!
Shit, he's more spry at 92 than I am at 39.
My three year old’s best imaginary friends are (1) Bert and (2) the Chimney Sweep
He was the Tom Hanks of his generation. Is there anything bad that can be said about the guy? Even Bill Burr was in awe of him.
I'm glad he's doing so well...watching the flashmob video from his 90th birthday makes me cry that he's doing so well, but also just have massive feels because I know he can only go so long and I think he may be worse than Robin Williams when he has to go. 

As the old blessing goes:"עד מאה ועשרים שנה" May you live to be 120. 
He's aged very well indeed.
I wanted to hate this going in. Then I saw Dick Van Dyke tap dancing on a table and I was sold.
Me: New MP movie trailer out, bet this'll be the dregs, but let's watch. 2 Minutes later: Oh wow 2D animation is back, there's Angela Lansbury, AAnnd now I'm in tears.
It's Dick van Dyke, he's always been spry.
I wonder if he'll attempt a Cockney accent again
I wish they didn’t put that in the trailer. I would’ve lost my mind seeing it in the theater. 
I was raised on the original, and figured I'd leave this one to the new generation, but seeing Dick Van Dyke hopping around, I've got to give it a watch!
Dick Van Dyke is alive?!?!
I watch the dick van dyke show every night. I’m so glad the first comment on here was about him. Got to think his name won’t be tossed around too much in a few years. This made my whole night I can’t wait to see this!
> Mary Poppins Returns will have 20 minutes of 2D animation

[I watched the trailer and you'll get a glimpse of that](https://youtu.be/-3jsfXDZLIY?t=1m35s).

EDIT: [Hijacked the comment for new Poster](https://s3.birthmoviesdeath.com/images/made/Mary-Poppins-Returns-Poster-New_1200_1778_81_s.jpg).
I’m getting big Bedknobs and Broomsticks vibes with the mix of live action and cartoon - I love it! And of course the original Mary Poppins. Oh I do miss that style of movie.
I'm really glad they kept the same aesthetic.
Apparently Julie Andrews rejected having a cameo in the film. So I was surprised to see Dick Van Dyke in the trailer
“Chalk Pavement Universe”

Now there’s a movie universe I can get behind!
Seeing the 2D dancing animals really made me miss the days of Disney's hand drawn animated films. Even the dancing Lambs during the "Jolly Holiday" sequence from the original Mary Poppins was cute as shit.
> the nostalgia came flooding back. Sign me up

Disney's business model in a nutshell
Indeed.  My hype train blew right out of the station.  I am super excited. 
Yeah... shame about the Youtube compression, their transportation into the cartoon looked like a blocky mess. Should look great on the big screen though. 
I was at the D23 showing for Mary Poppins this past weekend. One of the production folks for the new movie told us that they actually brought a few animators out of retirement to do those scenes!
This film oozes charm.
Probably. Didn't she do her own singing in Into the Woods?
Full on singing mode after staying quiet in an entire movie.
I think she's a great singer but I wouldn't be surprised if they did a little bit of post.
Granted though, anyone sounds great after you’ve seen Russel Crowe in Les Miserables... but she does sound exceptionally good 
I’m Mary Poppins, y’all!
[deleted]
[Mary Poppins Starring Yondu](https://youtu.be/Rezm7AJYEdw)
Nooooooo :’(
Sort of reminds me of the plot of Hook.

Grown up forgets the magic of childhood.  Gets a big fucking reminder.
Similar plot, completely different story. Still kind of weird though.
You know how Disney loves to rehash ideas. What's original? 
I feel like I've not only seen this movie 1000 times already, but that I just saw it last month in Christopher Robin.
After The Princess and the Frog it seems like they have no intention of bringing it back for a full feature.

It's a shame, because that film looked amazing.
I'm still sad of the fate of the 2012 Winnie The Pooh. It was very funny and charming but got released at the wrong time. If the film had a different release date it would had done better. As a result, Disney since then stopped doing hand drawn animation.
You guys, this is the way all art works.

Take music.  Blues, Jazz, Folk, Country - they all had their time.  There was a time when Punk Rock was *the majority* of rock.  Or "Classic" rock.  Or Alternative Rock.

They had their time to shine, and then something new rolls around.  The old stuff, styles, art forms, etc. will never *completely* disappear, but they diminish into the spectrum of artistic styles popular at each particular time.  As years go on, there is less and less classical music produced (vs. total music produced), but the old masterpieces will never go away either.

There is also the cyclical natures of art and fashion, where, in some point in the future, someone will "revive" the old style with a modern twist, and it will be popular again for a bit, then fade again until the next cycle.  See bell-bottom jeans, high-waist jeans, and stop-motion animation.  I remember a time when it was all the rage to bring back classical music to mix with rock.  Crooners have returned.  80s synth has returned.  Atari and NES are cool again.

I could come up with tons more examples, but I'm lazy.  The point is, 2D animation will never go away, and it will someday see a resurgence followed by another fade.  That's life.
I feel like she hasn't used that accent since *Devil Wears Prada*.  
Lin Manuel needs his EGOT already.  ;0
I developed something more than a crush after watching Edge of Tomorrow.
She sounded very much like Claire Foy from The Crown
Emily Blunt as Mary Poppins does...... things for me. 
She has laid it on too thick, probably for non-UK viewers. My English Britney's will struggle to take more than five minutes of that accent.
It would be rough because he would be up against a star is born right?
If you're into color, Cinderella (2015) should be right up your alley. It's lush from the gilt to the saturated grading to that Broadway dream of a gown — really the perfect heightened take on the original's fairytale spirit. And Sandy Powell, the costume designer, is returning for this new Mary Poppins, so it already looks just as marvelous. So vibrant and full of life.
It’s cliche but it really feels magical. Everything from the songs to the animated segment feels like the Disney magic Walt first created with his movies 
I'm excited for the 2d animation! It's been forever since we've had that from disney. 
Yes! I've noticed they have been getting darker and darker as well. I'm glad they are heading back to their magic roots. We need a little more wonder and escapism in movies. 
Watching the trailer, it looks like it's washed out until the Poppins arrives and then the color gets more vibrant.

I don't care if the 2D animation is only 20 minutes long. It's the most screen time 2D animation (Hand drawn) has gotten since 2011. Moana doesn't count since it was only for a musical number and Maui's tattoo.
Seeing Dick Van Dyke for a moment sold me.
I'm fine with her not doing a Julie impression, but it's a bit jarring that she loses her accent when she sings. I'm sure she'll be great in the role overall, though.
I'm so happy for Emily Blunt, she seems so sweet and I've really enjoyed watching her career since first seeing her in The Devil Wears Prada.
He looks great in this. Accent seems solid in terms of what people will want and expect, from what we saw.
I had a huge smile on my face when I seen Dick Van Dyke.
I felt the same!
I'm a little worried about him doing a thick accent in this while he presumably sings as well.

Audrey Hepburn pulled it off well in My Fair Lady, but it isn't easy.
Disney has been banking on the Music leading the movies for sometime now, after Frozen they solidified what they already knew in the modern era. 

 
[deleted]
I would watch this movie without a second thought.
Mary Poppins is just one of my favorite movies of all time, no qualifiers. This trailer looks way better than I was expecting, but I still don't believe there's any way the movie will live up to my expectations because the original is just so damn good. But I hope it is. 
This sort of overly nostalgic-induced expectations are always the reason for disappointment to at least a certain degree no matter how good a movie can be. 
In all fairness, the book itself has multiple sequels, so it is a natural progression that there would also be a movie sequel. 
You are me!! 

That trailer bowled me over... I can’t wait to see it now. 
Well at least it is an actual sequel and not just a thoughtless remake.
> (She hated them).

She hated everything. 

If you heard the audio recordings that they had of the phone calls, the author was never going to be satisfied no matter what. She hated everything about the movie.
Did you say Mary P-

NO!
So long, Superman!
Buy me a beer, two bucks a glass
>I wasn't expecting to have a tear in my eye today. 

I am glad I am not the only one who felt this. Going into the trailer I was thinking oh, as a "returns" in the title they won't have the pressure as much of living up to the original...or something. Then watching it... all the nostalgia feels warmed my heart and I can't wait to see it. 
And this has the voice of Paddington!
Even on Disney's official site it looks bad. 
For a second I wondered where/how I missed him in the original...and then remembered that I didn't care for GotG2 that much and that's why it took a second. Though I did think Rooker was great in it. 
"Would you like a chocolate covered pretzel?"
I'M MARY POPPINS YALL!
Julie rejected the cameo as she didn’t want to take anything away from Emily, she said that “this is her movie”. Very classy woman.
Last I heard, Julie Andrews rejected her cameo role. Hopefully it might might mean she could make a surprise cameo that never got announced.
I agree so much about Lin's accent! It's incredibly hammy and incredibly charming, though I suppose my affection for him helps. 

This trailer made me smile - I hope it's good!!
I was pretty worried about it to be honest.  Some how Dick Van Dyke got away with his accent in the first one, but I wasn't sure if would work a second time.
We weren't that well off, and it was one of 3 video cassettes we owned. I watched it a million times. When my brother had his kids and we bought the dvd and they've watched it. Would make for an awesome extendes family cinema outing. Can't wait.
I think it's fantastic that he looks exactly like he did in the first film when he played Mr Dawes senior.  
"Is nobody going to talk about..." It's literally the top comment, dude. They are talking about that.
I got misty eyed when Dick Van Dyke appeared. My kids are going to love this. 
You're right, stories like this are what the movies are made for - to see wonders we can hardly imagine come to life. The bit where they jump into the chalk drawing in the original is one of the most of the most captivating cinema scenes of all time, in my opinion. That sense of fantastical reality is just wonderful.
Treguna Mekoides Tracorum Satis Dee!


> Oh who am I kidding this will do gangbusters this Christmas.

I can see that this movie will repeat the success of The Greatest Showman in late 2017 - early 2018.
RIP Space Merle
California law mandates that she gets one every year, duh :P
He actually played the part of Mr. Dawes Sr. in the original movie. He was supposed to have died in the previous film, so not sure if he is re playing that part or playing his son now.
SUCH a great show.  Bought my wife the whole thing on Blu-Ray and I'm amazed at how good and relevant it is despite all the years in-between.
I will laugh my ass off if Michael Rooker has a stealth cameo
Are you insane?
Even looks a bit like her too. The Disney team once again impresses 
He's the new Q in the bond films.
I know you said face but maybe you recognise his voice from Paddington? Not years old, but still.
This comment just made me realize how great Andrews is at playing a musical nanny. 

&#x200B;
Eh, she came around on the original film by the time she died, she just didn't think it was very much like her work. 
It's actually a sequel that's been in the works for a while now.
Pure Class.
For those not bothered to read, she won’t be making an appearance due to her respect for Emily Blunt
I admit, I wasn't expecting a positive and supportive reason behind that.
omg this is so wholesome
I disagree with this, she could have simply been a little old lady feeding the birds for a moment in the park, without even a spoken line...
i heard from a colleague who grew up on the Westside of LA, down the street from Julie Andrews, that she's having age-related health problems and is fully retired to the Hamptons. Many actors are a bit vain and want the public to remember them in their prime, not when they're sickly & haggard. It's totally understandable.
The explanation makes her sound noble, but I don't know if that is the true reason.  Why would a cameo harm Blunt?
Aw, that's a really swell reason.
I still feel like this is a misdirection to keep it even more of a surprise. Or not..I dunno. I just would really love to see her in it.
She's bound to make a cameo, especially if she's so supportive of the movie. Would be a shame if she didn't. 
After seeing the trailer I'm guessing Angela Lansbury is playing the role that they wrote for Julie Andrews. Of course Lansbury ends up evoking almost as many nostalgic emotions by her appearance as Andrews, at least for me...
We do not deserve Julie Andrews.
Here you go! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIiI05uNgnI
I heard him say in an interview that he dances every day to stay healthy, so dancing is kind of his thing.
This is amazing lol.
He looks exactly like he did as Mr Dawes Sr. 
Username checks out.
Chim chiminey, chim chiminey, chim chim cher-ee...
After seeing the animals and human characters for moment in the trailer. It really made me miss the days of hand drawn animated films. The last time Disney had 2D animation in their films was in Winnie The Pooh from 2011.

I still love the dancing lambs from the original film. Does anybody have a gif of the lamb trio from the 1964 film?
Oh I like that poster. 
Julie Andrews didn't want to take away from Emily Blunt. She felt being in the film would distract from Emily's performance. She's a class act.
> Apparently Julie Andrews rejected having a cameo in the film. 

Or maybe they're keeping it a surprise.
Rudy’s got the chalk, the chalk, the chalk, Chalkzone
Samuel L. Jackson appears in post-credit scene with Emily Blunt.

"I'm here to discuss the Sidewalk Initiative"
*Chalk Pavement Universe greenlights spin-off franchises for Penguin Waiters and The Rogue Carousel. Chimney Sweeps Feature expected to be announced*

 Shit's gonna get wacky.
It's going to be insane 10 years from now when Mary gets the final Infinity Stone
*power-washes half the pavement*

perfectly balanced
I'm down with it. One ticket for the hype train please.
Well, she definitely sung her own song in the [My Little Pony movie](https://youtu.be/KpKhFlUAcUw?t=14m26s).
Yup. Also in The Edge of Tomorrow. 
Same director as this film, incidentally.
God that movie was so damn good 
Here's a little hollywood secret for you.

Almost all the audio in every scene, in every movie these days, is re recorded in post.
I would be more surprised if they didnt, that's just standard production style now.
^(I thought he sounded good)
I thought Crowe was serviceable in a role that is intentionally supposed to be wooden and unflinching. You're not looking for a person with tons of range and inflection in Javert.
Oh c'mon, he wasn't that bad. I thought he fit the character well.
How did I know this would be brought up in this thread somewhere lol
Is he cool?
Or at least a cameo.
I hope for a second version of this sometime around 19th and 20th december
Whenever this comes out on Blu-Ray, someone should do a Hook/MPR double feature with Disney trivia in between. They'd make Bank(s)
Like Toni Collette's character in Hereditary!
Especially Winnie The Pooh from 2011.
I have no doubt they'll go back to it eventually, if only to appeal to the nostalgia factor. 
Oh yeah, the animation on that film was beautiful, especially in the sequences like Almost There where they got to be very stylized. 
Its not only a shame, its annoying.

They refuse to go back to 2D as they've "moved on" but then they continue to just rehash old franchises in live-action.. 
Didn't just look amazing, it was a quality film, too.
That movie had so much potential, so many parts of it are excellent, but DAMN does it lag in the middle, and is not exactly hype material to bring people into the theaters at all. They should try again with something that has more appeal to mainstream audiences. Audiences WANT this style of animation, they just also want something thats actually intriguing and takes advantage of it.
Not really. There’s a Harvard case study about Pixar that outlines how Disney had been slowly phasing out 2-D for years for cost reasons.
Thanks for the reminder, I always forget Princess and the Frog wasn't the last.
See current 80's nostalgia
*applause* 

Thank you so fucking much for saying this.
You know she's a British actress, right?
She had a British accent on The Newsroom. 
Technically it would be PEGOT once he gets that Oscar.
I feel like he should have one by default at this point.

The dude is one of the most talented people on the planet.
PEGOT, he already has a Pulizer, just needs the Oscar now. 
I'm shocked as hell he didn't win it with his song from Moana. I really think the Moana soundtrack might be the best Disney animated soundtrack of all time and that is really saying something.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgEEghp-U9g&t=0m29s
I don’t think he wrote any songs for this movie  :(
He's definitely doing a * *Great Job* *
How did he not get an Oscar for Moana?
Obsession?
Ahh, those push-ups.
Thought this as well, seems like a carbon copy. Or maybe that's just what posh British accents sound like
Pop-ins amirite? *nudge* *wink* *eyebrow raise*
I agree, a bit too forced for me. Sounds like she's imitating older julie andrews instead of 1964 julie andrews.
She needs to match Mary Poppins
Cinderella was the only live action I liked!! It was so good !!
I loved Cinderella! The costumes and colors were so vibrant. Sandy Powell did an amazing job.
Hadn't seen 2D animation this good by Disney since 2011.
Yeah, I'm in for him alone.
Everyone loves to see old Dick.
I was sold a little earlier when I saw a penguin.  But when I saw Mr. Van Dyke, I swear I peed a little.
And Angela Lansbury! 

Bedknobs and Broomsticks was my fuckin JAM.
It's not as bad as Dick van Dyke's at the very least, which is good!

I'm guessing he was cast so that American audiences have a recognisable name in a lead role and to capitalise on the success of Hamilton?
I think the biggest takeaways from this trailer are:

1. Dick Van Dyke is still alive
2. Angela Lansbury is still alive
10/10 accent OP
that's because Audrey Hepburn didn't do her own singing In My Fair Lady. The singing voice of Eliza Doolittle was performed by Marti Nixon, I believe.
Maybe they want a greatest showman like run again.
>...after frozen they solidified...  

nice.
Solo flopped tho
I think that's the point has making lol. This movie has so much more promise and positivity than the meh looking Solo.
We can't expect it to be as good as the original, as that's pretty much an impossible task as far as I'm concerned. It's a losing battle and can *only* set ourselves up for disappointment from the moment that we sit down in the theater.

What we should be concerned about is how the movie stands on it's own merits, and how respectful is it to the source material and the world & characters the original film left established for the sequel to use.

If it's as decent as *Saving Mr. Banks* was, or even a bit better, I think we'll be fine.
I don't expect it to surpass the original. Not by a long shot. 

What I do expect though (and hope) is for it to be a good movie on it's own, respectful to what the source material established, and not one of many terrible sequels that have happened to many franchises that should have been left alone.

I'm expecting *Saving Mr. Banks* levels of quality as of now, maybe even a little better based on the trailer. Which is perfectly fine with me if that's what we end up getting.
I'm an original character like Rickey Rouse or Monald Muck!
even though it has an entirely different cast, I have such an attachment to Mary Poppins from when I was a kid it's hard not to get a little emotional. Just the littlest hints of familiarity....
Agreed, probably the right call there. 
Sort of a shame as it's always a joy to see her in something new, but that's probably for the best.
And it made me even more excited for this movie 
That was *him!?*

Eddit: Downvoted for not knowing a fun fact. Stay classy, Reddit!
For me it was right as the 2D flowers started swirling and they were in their colorful clothes.
He's playing his son.
Reading these comments I'm wondering am I.
What! not even close
I adore Julie Andrews! 
Thanks. That website was ass on mobile. 
Or couldn’t read due to that horrible website. 
Has Julie Andrews not been a peach all her life?
>Julie Andrews then continued, "The only time I want to be around a Blunt is when I'm smoking it, amirite?"
She probably wants to avoid the audience seeing her and saying to themselves, "That's the real Mary Poppins." She wants Blunt to be front and center and doesn't want the focus taken off of her. 

I agree that a cameo would be cool, but I can't fault her for going this route. 
I'm wondering if they wanted her for the part Angela Lansbury is playing.

I think her idea is that any cameo long enough to recognize her would be pulling people out and potentially making the mental comparison with Blunt.
But why?
"My name is Mary Poppins. The D is silent."

"I know"
Mary Poppins = Julie Andrews in most people's eyes. The two are functionally synonymous.

So, it could be argued that Emily Blunt's biggest challenge is getting people to stop thinking about Julie Andrews. To stop being seen as someone just doing Mary Poppins cosplay.

But that's exactly what she would look like standing next to Julie Andrews. A Mary Poppins cosplayer standing next to the "real" Mary Poppins.
I'm still happy after seeing that.
I'm glad that I watched that, because it honestly just made me happy, thank you for linking this. 
Seeing the crowd erupt for him makes me smile every time. 
Brings a tear to my eye. As a kid, I discovered the Dick Van Dyke show on Nick at Nite. And at 35, I watch it on Netflix and still consider it one of the best comedy shows ever made.
His teeth! So white! 
The fuck is this krumping bullshit
Why am I suddenly sobbing?
Omg that's amazing, he's great
That was an amazing number by itself. He just raised the whole thing to the power of *awesome*
Makes sense why he looks good. Don't think old because your age and just stay active and you'll still be able to move around pretty well... oh and have money and good genetics
Fun fact: Dick Van Dyke *really* wanted to play Mr Dawes Sr in the original but Walt Disney was fairly set against it. He offered to do it for free, and Walt not only made Van Dyke audition for the part, but forced him to make a donation to CalArts before he'd agree.
Apparently he's playing Mr Dawes Jr this time.
I never knew he played Dawes as well!
Wasn't princess and the frog hand drawn in parts as well?
I thought Moana had some hand drawn parts in the You're Welcome song. Plus Maui's tattoos were hand drawn.
Reminds me of how there was talk of Sean Connery playing the groundskeeper in Skyfall, but it was determined to be too distracting of an idea.
I'm hoping she's secretly recorded a single line for one of the animated animals.  
It would be a nicely hidden cameo that wouldn't be distracting.
Don't think she is someone who will lie or they will ask her to lie
no, she specifically said that didn't want to take away from emily blunt, but the child in me would have loved a cameo! 
I loved that show 
"Motherf..." *disappears into pink chalk dust*
perfectly supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, as all things should be
Seeing Gamora sing was neat...
Yes! That song was great!
One of the best movies of the year.
Dialog, background, EVERYTHING. You rarely hear location sound at all anymore, though they've gotten much better with that, too. 
[deleted]
I'm going to have to strongly disagree. Javert has arguably one of the best songs in the show, and the character as written is severe, fastidious, and obsessed with his own twisted sense of law and order, which really isn't the same as being wooden. Javert is quite passionate - he's just passionate about the wrong things. If you've ever seen the live show with a very talented actor/singer in the Javert role, you can see how Crowe was miscast in every way possible.

When performed correctly, the "Stars" reprise brings down the house every time, and Javert ends up being seen ultimately as a highly conflicted yet sympathetic character, not just some boring and sloppy cop.
I will go one crazier: I enjoyed Crowe, but cannot stand Jackman's nasally-ass singing voice. I love Jackman's acting and commitment, but his voice drives me insane. I hated a lot of the casting, despite loving the movie and some of the casting. I cannot fathom casting Amanda Seyfried with that chipmunk voice. Not a fan of Redmayne's voice, either. 
He wasn't that bad at all. 
Hell yeah! He’s cool.
i expect some sort of blooper where during filming rooker comes by and visits the set in full yandu costume
To be fair, it opened the same weekend as a Harry Potter movie and was barely an hour long. They weren’t exactly banking the future of 2D animation on it; they’d already given up. 
Fingers crossed.

I have watched Princess twice and will watch it again, just for the animation. Though the film is also fun overall.

I can't say I have seen all their CG films more than once.
That was cool. They sometimes do that in their CG films as well, like in Moana.

I have a soft spot for this scene:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g00kEcGh4j8
It's not because they've 'moved on', it's because the last two hand drawn films were critically well received but commercially unsuccessful
I remember Disney World's latest fireworks show "Happily Ever After" actually had hand drawn animated sequences which was the only time Disney's 2D animators got any work by Disney.
The reason is they performed badly, its simple market balance. 
Not just phasing it out. In 2004, Michael Eisner actually shut down the 2D animation division of Disney.  

It was reopened temporarily for The Princess and the Frog and Winnie the Pooh, but they were one-off productions.   

The big problem now is that Disney always used their own in-house taught animators, starting with Snow White, when Walt hired out art schools and eventually set one up within the company.

Animators like that don't really exist any more in such large quantities, so they'd have to start from scratch, teaching people within the company.
I don't understand this at all. They can't make money with 2d animation? Meanwhile, Miyazaki can still make films with no problem and release them majority in Japan and still make money? 
Yes, but she spends alot of time with an American/ light British accent.
Wrong Emily.
MacPEGOT -- he's also a MacArthur genius grant recipient
It's almost a given that he'll win for Best Original Song at *some* point, and then join the very exclusive list of PEGOT individuals.
What’s the P?
He's got a ton of disney stuff in the future, so they really should be able to give him the beat chance at winning anything oscar related. 
It's 'cause he rhymed "island" with "island." 
It would have won any year if it wasn't going up against La La Land. It was just unlucky, really. 
I was as well.
Really?  You have Lin Manuel on a project and you don't use his considerable talents?
It's funny because Julie Andrews was originally going to star in Bedknobs and Broomsticks.
Yeah, and because he's an absolute treasure. He's been working pretty closely with Disney for awhile. He did the music for Moana, he voices Gizmo Duck in the new Ducktales, ge even wrote music for the cantina scene in The Force Awakens.
Poor Dick Van Dyke's accent in the original was largely due to the voice coach they hired for him, a Welsh man who perhaps wasn't that good at cockney accents.
Bedknobs and Broomsticks sequel?
> Angela Lansbury

YES that's who that elderly woman was in the trailer, she looked and sounded familiar but I could *not* name her. Thank you!
One of the most insane multipliers on a film ever. Opened to $8M opening weekend, then 14M, then 15M, then 20M. It’s best weekend it was only in 3rd place in the top 10. Every other was 4th or more. 

Point is, movies tend to have 3-4 times multipliers. 5 is crazy but not unheard of...Greatest Showman had a 19.7 multiplier. Opened to 8.8M and did 174M domestic. 

People love family musicals. 
Again? Greatest Showman wasn't Disney though, it was Fox (Disney doesn't own them yet).
[deleted]
She is practically perfect in every way. 
I mean there was that cockfighting incident, but we all make mistakes.
Pretty much.
There was that one time she told James Garner on the set of *Victor/Victoria*, "You talk shit, you get hit. Got it, bitch?"

She allegedly cracked her knuckles on set, and even that made a harmonious sound.
Yeah, that's exactly how a cameo would feel. The real Mary Poppins hiding in plain sight.
The same reason Stan Lee drives a bus or something in a Marvel movie; because it makes you smile for a moment.
That's what a cameo is...
When Dick Van Dyke giggles, I can't help but giggle too
I think he isn't on his original set anymore
Why was he against it?
Princess and the Frog was 2009.
It was completely handdrawn but was released in 2009

&#x200B;
I mean't a full hand drawn animated film that isn't used for small parts like that.
That would have been awful. 
I still say Dalton would have been amazing as Silva.
They also asked him and he told them to shove it because he's spending his 80's farming poseys in the Bahamas and why the fuck would you want to leave that?
And then she wins an Oscar for it while Emily Blunt gets snubbed.
I loved it when it was on but now I only really remember the theme song. Awesome concept though.
So you're saying I should see it
smh cmon maybe theater experiences but best movie of the year is a little too much

it was good not great
Wait, dialogue too? They re-record ALL of it?
Hell, back in the day it was even more extensively used because camera equipment was loud. 

Today it is still largely used in order to account for errant sounds, but of course can provide for other changes necessary. 
Yeah, back in 60s when movie musicals were fucking huge deals like superhero movies today? Pretty much all the singing is dubbed in. It's not hard to do and it sounds better so who cares?
I agree wholeheartedly with you. I have seen amazing Javerts live and also "meh" actors, and the difference when they sing "Stars" is quite noticeable. Heck, the way they portray Javert has to be on par with Valjean.

&#x200B;
For what it's worth "Stars" wasn't a torch song until the Broadway production. In the original London cast it was done closer to Crowes take
#I’M MARY POPPINS Y’ALL
Don't forget Winnie The Pooh.
That was mind numbingly awesome. I need to watch Princess And The Frog immediately. 
Winnie The Pooh should had been moved to a different date instead of releasing the same time the Harry Potter film came out.
That’s still dumb because their poor profits had nothing to do with their 2d animation. 
Disney's profits are like 99% merchandising. They shouldn't care about how much the movie itself makes, so long as people want to buy products about it.
Disney's 2D animators that couldn't adapt to 3D animation work on the projection shows for all the Disney parks, if I recall correctly.
The issue is that they performed badly because they were not concepts that got anyone excited to see them, NOT because of the 2d animation. Hell one of the biggest movies last year was hand drawn 2d animated.
I remember loving the Winnie The Pooh Direct To Video (Two gaining theatrical release) by Disney ToonStudios made from 2000 till 2005.
They don't want 'some money'. They want all the money.
What on earth is a "light British accent"?
You are right! I knew she was in the movie though lol. 
TopGem
MacKPEGOT with this year's Kennedy Center Honor
If he had gotten it for Moana I think he would have been the youngest EGOT winner. *Shakes fist at La La Land*  
 John Legend has him beat on that now.

Whenever he does get his Oscar he probably be the youngest PEGOT winner.  Also I think the person to get it the fastest?
Pulitzer
Pulitzer Prize.  He definitely has one for Hamilton. I think he has one for In the Heights too? 
They're also doing a film adaptation of Hamilton. It's really only a matter of time for him.

Edit: sorry, I got my facts wrong. I double-checked and supposedly around 2020 they'll release a filmed recording of the broadway play. But there's no true film adaptation in the works at the moment. Sorry to disappoint :(
She is singing about how predictable and repetitive life on the island is though. It's totally fitting.
I happened to listen to the Moana soundtrack extensively this weekend while traveling to and from a wedding, and I have to say that his use of repetition in place of rhyme is pretty bold. I'd say that the soundtrack is the better for it, but there are a couple places that make me scratch my head as to why he chose it over an obvious rhyme that would have been consistent with the lyrics and tone of the song.
They could have shoehorned in "pie-land" and wrenched the script around to fit. Sloppy production all around.
True but people think Kanye is also a rap-god because he rhymed god with god.  So I guess it should be allowed.
[deleted]
Correct. He confirmed that he wasn't asked to write any music for this.

He is however contributing music to the live-action Little Mermaid remake.

He also has an unannounced original Disney movie. He said he pitched a concept to the studio and they loved it, so they're kicking that around.

But he is also writing his next musical (presumably), overseeing all the new Hamilton casts around the country, working on a movie deal for In the Heights, a movie deal for Hamilton, and the The Name of the Wind.

Not to mention he has a young kid. So he keeps busy. One could say he writes like he is running out of time.
He's also supposed to be writing the music for the live action Little Mermaid, and have a hand in writing a movie or animated film of his own tbd last I heard.
Sheeeeeeeeeeeee's supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
the most delightful way
>She~~'s~~ is

FTFY 

And that robbery at the 7-Eleven allegation, but she was never actually convicted. 
Hey, if she wants to fight Trump I say good on her. 
Dear god, knuckles arpeggio.
Almost all of us lose our first set...
IIRC he thought it should be played by an old man, not the late-30s Van Dyke (I'll check the book when I get home!)
Damn I'm getting old. I thought that came out 6 years ago tops!
and didn't preform well and soon after Disney closed it's 2d animation branch 
I HAD SEX WITH YOUR MOTHER BOND!
more like awesome. An alternate idea was going to be that Skyfall was going to be like the retirement home of all the previous bonds, or that idea has been kicked around from time to time. 
Agreed.

Dalton as Silva, acknowledge "James Bond" is a code name and "Silva" is a previous 007 who was left for dead, explaining why Dalton was only in 2 movies....
And what a cool theme it was
It's worth watching. I didn't find it as good as everyone was making it out to be but it was still good.
Yes, literally everything. We're really good at dubbing in 2018.
I have the original London cast recording...it sounds amazing...
The same thing happened with Treasure Planet- it was released at the same time as Sorcerer's Stone.

I'm not a believer in conspiracy theories, but there's a popular one that the higher-ups sabatoged the commercial success of the last 2D animated films to make the move to (cheaper) 3D more appealing.

Hmm...
Obviously I don't work for Disney so I don't know their reasoning, but I've heard that they believe people aren't as keen on 2D animation as it seems too childish, or old fashioned, which means that they could be missing out on the market of children aged 5-15 or so 
It's pretty much a faded English accent, kinda like Camilla Luddington.
Does he have a super bowl ring or perhaps an Army Astronaut badge?
*Returrrn of the MacK*
Pulitzer is a crook
I think you're thinking of In the Heights, which they're working on. 
~~ It's only a matter of ti-iii-me~~
Wait they are? That might be the best news I’ve heard all day. 
Source for the Broadway recording? I'd love a movie, but a high-quality OBC video would be amazing too.
I really don't get how people can think that it wasn't 100% intentional. It's ok to disagree or not like it but there's clear intent. It wasn't just laziness or not bothering to "find" a rhyme.


Add an espionage subplot and make it spy-land
On top of all that, his main focus at the moment is filming for his role as Lee Scoresby in the 'His Dark Materials' BBC series. He's currently living somewhere outside Cardiff to focus on that project.

The man is nooon-stop!
That guy is so damn talented. I’ve never been so in love with a broadway album without ever seeing the play before. Every track is just so wonderful.
PLUS he writes us nice little poems on Twitter from time to time.

He's the fucking best.
>Not to mention he has a young kid

Pretty sure it's 2.  Sebastion's 4 and Francisco is less than a year old.
> One could say he writes like he is running out of time.

Isn't this enough? He will never be satisfied!


> He is however contributing music to the live-action Little Mermaid remake.

Who is starring in it? Is it the same one as the Chloe Moretz project I hear about or a different one?

Also a shame he didn't do any of the music for this. They couldn't even have him do just one song?
Two young kids, just to keep him even more on his toes! 😁
Also Fatwah!
I’m sorry, did you just say The Name of the Wind!?
Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious
Are we talking about Julie Andrews or character actress Margo Martindale?
Well, cream-colored ponies are very expensive.
She's Julie Andrews, she's a national treasure!
That's not a fair fight at all. Trump's bone spurs would act up again.
God damn it
Frozen came out 5 years ago. Tangled came out 8 years ago. 

Weird, huh. 
Winnie The Pooh (2011) was Disney's final shot at a 2D Animated film.
It opened in the same weekend as Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 2 and flopped as a result.

Edit: ah shit, replied to the wrong comment. Was referring to Winnie The Pooh (2011)
Shex*
And making the stupid "codename theory" canon? No, thanks.
I had to put aside some of the stupidity in the plot holes, but the atmosphere and intensity of the film as a whole made it worth seeing. I’m also glad I went to the theatre to see it, my first “horror” movie I’d seen there since.... holy fuck. Blair Witch!
that “WEAKNESS???” whiteboard with all the exposition is legitimately one of the stupidest things I’ve seen in a movie all year 
We’re on the same page. Lots of stupid plot holes IMO and way to much just dramatic staring and eye brow raising. I enjoyed it but man I just don’t see how people think it’s the masterpiece. 
Decent monster flick with a gimmick. Good but over hyped.
Not enough praise is heaped on sound editors too. Syncing dialog with lips has got to be a labor intensive gig. You rarely can ever tell anymore. Not like the old days. 
Of course it does. I'm not saying Crowe's singing voice is good but in the London recording the actor does it in a much more reserved manner wheras it became a massive show stopping torch song when it transferred to Broadway
Development hell for a loooong time.
It's not unreasonable to assume studios are hesitant to make something [almost] entirely involving Hispanic characters, but after Black Panther and Crazy Rich Asians it might have a better chance.
https://variety.com/2018/film/news/hamilton-bidding-movie-rights-1202882991/
Ummm, ummm, there's gonna be Dark Materials BBC series? How have I not heard of this yet? Sign me the fuck up
I feel like in my mind,  the BBC will remake some stuff old drama like Brideshead Revisited and Lin-Manual will be on it and contributed a new song  will totally fit in because he's that talented.
He does good morning and good night ones every day :)
They haven't announced who is playing Ariel. But there is a rumor they're looking at Zendaya.

https://www.harpersbazaar.com/culture/film-tv/a22812647/the-little-mermaid-zendaya-ariel-casting/
If you say it loud enough you’ll sound quite precocious 
Just wanted to tell you, 3 years ago you commented on a picture of a disc and said "Yeezus anyone?" Well now it's the cover of Kanye's new album yandhi.
Leave me alone while I go cry in a corner.
And will turn 10 years old next year.
What the absolute fuck? 8 years ago already?!?!?!
I prefer the "Bond is a timelord" theory.
I can see it being better in theaters. It was definitely more enjoyable with friends because we were fucking screaming at the nail. But we watched it immediately after It. which is hard to follow.
Plus the director of Crazy Rich Asians is working on that next before the sequels for CRA
Co produced with HBO. Should be amazing
I could see her do really good at that, but it'd make some very loud parts of Twitter very mad. 
#***Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!***
Not a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis?
**UM-DITTLE-ITTLE-ITTLE-UM-DITTLE-EYE**

**UM-DITTLE-ITTLE-ITTLE-UM-DITTLE-EYE**
