Totally forgot this existed.  Didn't know they were actually making the third one.
Oh boy, this movie is placed firmly in "Fuck you it's January!" territory
In case anyone was wondering, yes, that train sequence is what almost killed Dylan O'Brien. I think it was the moment where he gets on top of the car to jump onto the train. 

Sort of made me cringe thinking about it and seeing the actual stunt.
Coming 2021...

Maze Runner 4: The Search for a Maze
I hope Littlefinger is still here
I think this is going to flop about as hard as the latest Divergent film. It's been too long.
I am glad that CIA still in this movie.
Contractual Obligations: The Movie 
Dr Ian Malcolm: Now eventually you might have a "MAZE" in your, in your "MAZE runner" movie right? Hello? yes?

Chaos is a maze 
- Littlefinger
Ill always be grateful for this series cause I got my first blowjob because my ex and I were so bored during The Scorch Trials
On the one hand, I am ambivalent towards the series. On the other hand, Dylan O'Brien almost died making it so I feel like I should support it.
What's with all these suspiciously supportive comments?
Any movie based on a book trilogy that doesn’t split the third book into two movies for more profits is good in my book. 8.5/10 
Lol...... I thought they canned this like they did Divergent. 

To be honest I'm glad they are going to finish it. 
I thought the Divergent movies were kinda an indication that audiences were no longer interested in going to see these action book series silver screen counterparts. But I guess not. 
this is where the 20th century fox interns are gathering?
Is this series worth watching?
Completely forgot this series even existed. Last I remember from this movie was the lead was injured on set and they were pushing the movie. I figured it eventually just got cancelled. 
This is one series I completely forgot existed.

This looks pretty damn cool. 
To be honest, I forgot this was a thing.
Love Dylan O'Brien. Can't wait for this movie. 
Young-adult dystopian world drama #389457
BUT WHERE IS DONG?
The sound track from this clip...oh god. Trying to make the film seem more epic than it really is?
What I loved about this series. Both in print and on screen. Is the characters are so solution driven. Every time there's a problem, there's no hesitation, they just immediately figure out how they can solve the problem, or circumvent it. 

It was such a refreshing change of pace to most characters who are whiny and uncertain. 

The plot of the series though, was a bit of a maze. 
The Fast and the Divergent
Why? This series is just confusing garbage. 
Wow, like GoT, they are way off book.  At least it's better.
Am I the only that's actually excited for this? I never read the books but I really did enjoy the first two movies. I'm excited and glad I can finish the series!
I actually enjoy these movies. Scortch Trials was okay...will watch the finale. 
So excited to watch this movie.
Honestly I am glad they're changing up the third movie from the book. I wasn't a fan that they did it for the second though and the third book felt rushed, so hopefully the third movie will make it better.. 

Also for those that are complaining that the movie might fail, at least there will be a closing to this YA movie trilogy that isn't a two-part finale or never finished like Divergent.
That book blew. Like, wholesale fucking blew. Seconds one at least was interesting-ish.
Hmmm. Not sure. All that running for real old, real fast in the second movie 
Where's the Newtmas :(
Where the maze at though
I like these shitty movies. Way more fun than Hunger Games or Divergent imo. 
"Totally forgot this existed. Didn't know they were actually making the third one."
The third book was so bad though 
It's been a few years since i've read the books, but if this is anything like the second film (which it appears to be) then all of the interesting obstacles in the book will be replaced with gun fights and explosions. 
I still don't understand what the point of the maze was. Can anyone explain?
Pass
Been waiting on this one for a while.  Can't wait to watch it.  Hopefully it at least improves over The Scorch Trials.
Call me crazy but this is the second best YA series after The Hunger Games. Looking forward to this one.
The series is quite boring isn't it?
I actually really liked the first 2
I haven't read the books so I'm excited and patient to see how it ends.
They should have just made the first movie and left it as a stand alone. It was really well done, but the second one was total ass and this looks horrible as well. 
This was a pretty short trailer compared to the ones from the other films. I'm a little disappointed but happy with the new footage, and I can't wait!
Okay wait if you liked the books, you're fucking crazy. Because those books were all over the place. Like seriously, the second and third books were MEANT to be nonsense. They had no meaning. They were a bunch of shit trials that were going nowhere on purpose.

And if you liked the movies, well the second book went so far left and was like "peace" to the source material with a stiff middle finger that you're not even talking about the books anymore. And I don't think people liked the movie.

The book and movie are two totally different story lines and don't expect to like one because you liked the other.
Wasn’t the first like “this was pretty ok” and the second “man this sucks”? Guess I have to see this one too no matter how much it’ll suck.
I read the books and don't remember the book being very close to what goes on in the trailer. Maybe I have to go back and re-read them but damn, it looks like they are ruining the books as per usual
I quite enjoyed the first two films. In a leave-your-brain-at-the-door kind of way. Not too taxing, a reasonable story and relatively entertaining.
"you can save your friends.. or you can save us all"

um.. save us all maybe? so dramatic
First time [FOR ME] a movie series was better than the books. I'm super stoked for this.


Is someone doing a bit or is this a real thing? I thought this stuff was over.
Oh yeah, this series is still happening ...
I liked the first one with the mystery of the maze filled with, what was it monsters? or robots? But then the second one makes a left turn into zombies. I'm not interested in watching a third. Fuck zombies.
Maze runner series is good enough to watch when nothing's on but not good enough for viewing in theaters. It's fun but not $30-40 fun.

Better than divergent but not as good the hobbit, so "decent".
Damn, I was just thinking about the Maze Runner franchise the other day, I was wondering when (or even if) the next one was even going to come out.
I literally don't remember anything about the second movie except that it was in a desert setting. 

I'd rather see the Dylan Dudeicle: Avenger of Weed movie. 
was/is there a maze in the second or this movie?
I know I'm in the minority but I absolutely loved the first movie. It had such a great sense of mystery and I kept wanting to know more about the maze. The environment was beautiful. I liked how it was actually placed outside rather than in an enclosed space with a digitized sky in the book. 
Cox and Crendor get on this!
American assassin was enjoyable.  Keaton carries it but still decent. Hope this movie doesn't ruin his chances at future action flicks. 
The first two were my guilty pleasure movies, I'm pretty excited for this one tbh.
I don't get the hate for this series. I haven't read the books but I like the maze runner series films. I don't see the problem.
I'm torn....


I mean, I'm glad they didn't make me wait 2-3 movies for the kids to escape the maze 

But I kind of wish they hadn't escapees roghg away because the first movie was the best and everything filmed outside the maze is unoriginal.

I'm still happy we're getting a 3rd Maze Runner though
I watched the first two while bored at home.  If I remember right, I spent more time browsing reddit on my phone than watching the movies.  I look forward to browsing reddit while watching the third iteration and finalizing the trifecta!
Maze Runner has a distinct lack of mazes. It's like the Hunger Games all over again, the only interesting bit is the actual Hunger Games.
This looks like a train heist movie
A shitty ass novel providing no resolution to the burning questions and a lame ending. Hope they change things in the movie though
I read the books and I can't even remember the plot. I remember I wasn't super impressed with it at the time, but I'm surprised it was so forgettable. Basically what I'm saying is "meh."
Dylan and Thomas. They were the only thing hot in the scorch trials. 
Seems like a lot of training just to qualify as an American Assassin. 
They could've made this movie series so much better if they just followed the damn books
Did it need a sequel?
"We call them grievers." 

"Why?" 

"What do you mean why?" 

"They're giant spider robots. They don't, like, grieve. Or whatever." 

"What's your point?" 
Is Korean Forrest Gump still alive?
Dang I really liked the first two. January release date? It's going to be terrible isn't it?
Do you guys know where I can watch the first movie? I can't find it on netflix for the life of me (even used a vpn to get US netflix) and most streaming websites are aids
[THERE IS NO CURE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JF1rLFCdewU&feature=youtu.be&t=2m6s)
"Every maze has an end" stellar tagline 
Fun drinking game idea: Every time they say "Go!" Take a drink. 
Watched the first two on HBO and they were pretty entertaining. I was wondering when the third one would be out.
Let me guess, the answer will nearly be there but then the movie will end on a cliff hanger.
Dylan O’Brien was injured and production was shut down. I didn't even know they started making it again. At first they said they weren't going to continue.
Same, but I think for a YA the trailer was really good. Ofc then you get the typical "you can save your friends or you can save us all" moment, of which there are probably a lot more and which makes it unappealing for a lot of people. I liked Jojen Reed's "I get the shotgun" line. 
Same, but I'm excited to watch this probably underwhelming movie! 
...did they make the second?
They ruined this series so much that we actually forgot they were making movies about it. Such a shame, those were great books.
I really liked the first one and I totally forgot to watch the second one lol
They made a second one?
I didn't realize the second one had even come out. When I saw this pop up, I thought, "huh, it's a little late for a sequel."
Didn't even know there was a 2nd one.
But the teenage dystopian love story fad is over though. 
it’s like that monster trucks movie that came out of fucking nowhere. nobody knows what the fuck is going on and you have to be really high to enjoy it.
[ENDLESS TRASH](http://i.imgur.com/RCo6iTP.jpg)
I dont even remember there being a second movie.
I don't know, weren't the last ones also in January ? They seem to have found decent success there with less competition and if it works, why change the formula ? Also the first two movies weren't that bad, they're enjoyable flicks IMO. Of course, not a masterpiece by any means but quite decent compared to many blockbusters. But indeed, in the Spring or Summer with all the other blockbusters, it would have no chance.
fuck it, i'll go watch it.  Never read the books, but the previous two movies were worth the $5 tuesday night viewings.
Is there any information about what actually happened? 
Maze Runner 5: The Maze wasn't meant for you
I guess Mazed and Confused was taken?
Solving our problems by running.
*Mayor Thomas Carcetti


(edit: typo!)
check your underwear then
Littlefinger vs Jojen Reed

At least they're not splitting the last book into two movies
I guess im in the minority because i throughly enjoyed the series so far. I really hope it doesnt bomb.
I agree, but I think it's important to note that they had to delay the movie for a full year because the main actor almost died doing a stunt just a few days into filming. It's not like they waited that long on purpose.
Its also in January, this movie can't make that much
I think Divergent flop deserves its own category 
I forgot they were different series for a second, and was like "didn't that franchise go direct-to-TV at some point?"
IDGAF My friends and I have been waiting for this a long time
Even if it hadn't been that long it will flop because the story is terrible. It's all about conspiracies and trying to make for big climactic twists but when the secret is finally revealed it's so dumb it makes you retroactively hate every part of it. 
I feel like Divergent, 5th wave, Maze Runner, Hunger Games all belong to the same genre.  Not sure what I'd call it, but they all make me disinterested in the same way.
I liked the first two but I have to agree. If you're going to make a trilogy/series of movies, you have to do them in a row.
i actually preferred the first maze runner to the other hunger games and divergences films. something about the first one made it a real classic famous five style storybook boys adventure. not a lot of romance which i absolutely loved so they could concentrate on how fun the adventure was.

i hope this succeeds even though the second one was weaker. also love the korean kid in it
At least this trilogy will be finished. Or is there more book into movies to be made?
Wait Divergent is still going?
That divergent film series went off the rails quickly. The first one was passable, I guess. 
Wasn't Allegient straight to video?
FOR YOU
He plays a big role.
You can kind of see it in the faces of the actors. 
Wait so you ex who was your gf at one point didn't blow you ever before? What?
Plus he's a decent actor. Honestly a majority of the cast is.
User name checks out
Cause they're honestly not that bad if you watch them. They're probably a notch or two below the hunger games movies. 

Not everything's a conspiracy. 
Looks like a fun action movie.

But since this is a YA cash-in, it might be a situation where all the fun stuff is in the trailer.
It's not that bad of a series. I'd argue it's right up there with Hunger Games when it comes to YA adaptations
We're all paid bots duh 
That's pretty much what this subreddit is now.

"Hey, everybody remember how (trash movie) wasn't actually that bad?  It totally deserves a sequel!  And now we all get a chance to watch it!  Isn't that great fellow consumers?  I can't wait to spend my money on taking the whole family to see (trash movie II)!
I actually missed this series, but I'm going to watch the trilogy just because he recovered.

When I heard the news, I thought it would never happen
In the case of *Mockingjay*, it made sense- the book's ending was a royal mess that crammed way too much action into far too few words.
nah, main actor got into a accident and had to delay filming for months so they had to push the release date
Awe they canned Divergent? I agree they were nothing special but I was looking forward to seeing the conclusion. Guess I'll read the books now. 
I had never read or heard of Divergent until the movie, I enjoyed it a ton. Than came the sequels, watched Insurgent which was good but not as good as the first. Then came Allegiant...


What were they thinking...
I think the Percy Jackson movies were an indication that these types of films turned out to be shite 95% of the time.
Not really...the divergent movies were just so bad. Bad enough to where in order to finish the series, they got offered a straight to DVD film offer to finish it off. Yikes! 
They started production on this before the last Divergent failed.  Only reason it took so long was the main actor broke a bone and they had to wait for it to heal.
Only the first one has any mazes.

1/10, not for maze enthusiasts.
[deleted]
First one is fun, second was pretty fucking bad.
The first caught me off guard, I had no previous knowledge of the series and I actually liked it quite a bit. 2nd one was boring, predictable, and uninspired, but I’ll give the third a watch just to see it out.
The first one is mostly good and self contain. I would recommend it
I’ve read bad reviews of the movies but the books were great in my opinion. If you’re into reading, I’d say give the series a chance
As far as YA movie adaptions go, this series is one of the more enjoyable and fun ones
It's better than Divergent and Hunger Games IMO.
If you enjoy the popular dystopian series that Reddit loves to hate on, you will surely enjoy it. If you don't, you only *might* enjoy it. 
Worth reading. Damn good story with a different ending then most teen books.
The books were an insult, by the end of the 3rd book i wanted to punch the writer in the face
i'd say yes, pretty stylish films with cool characters and bit clunky plot, but overall still nice. Looking forward for the third one


"When does it stop?"

"When we find a--"

### "THERE IS NO CURE!"
I think a lot of people did because it was delayed indefinitely over a year ago after Dylan O’Brien had an accident on set. Motorcycle flipped and he broke bones and got knocked out, sounded really bad from what I recall.
Yep definitely gonna have to reread the synopses of the first two before I watch this one, but it looks entertaining.
The series isn't that bad, hell the first movie was surprisingly good, but goddamn do they have the most generic YA titles. "Scorch Trials" and "Death Cure" sound like parodies of YA sequels that Jenna Maroney is busy starring in (as the older famous lady required in all YA dystopian films to give it some extra credibility).
At least with this movie I'm happy they're changing it up. I didn't like what they did to the second book though.
I am in the same boat.  Never read the books, but found the first to movies enjoyable. 
yeah  I felt cheated after the ending. 
I enjoyed the series, but the 3rd one ended really strangely. 

They also have made so many changes from the books, I am not sure I will even really recognize the movie.
It was a test to see who was the "strongest" of them. After a few trials they find the best person and use their brain to make a cure.
Idk I kinda liked Harry Potter
I agree with you. Out of all YA adaptation this one is definitely in top 5.
The books have the same exact problem the divergent books had, first one was great, second was okay, and the third was absolutely terrible. So please take my advice and just enjoy the movies and don't waste your time on the books. For the maze runner and divergent series. Especially the divergent series.
I liked the books and the movies. Looking forward the Death Cure movie.
I mean fuck people for having opinions, amirite?
It was a really bad accident, too. Despite the quality of the movie (1st was decent, 2nd was lousy), I'm glad to see him back, making what seems like a full recovery.
I'm not sure they said they werent going to just that it was suspended indefinitly 
Maybe they didn't start again and just used whatever footage they had to put together something watchable. That might explain why it's coming out in January.
He said "I call shotgun" or something to that effect meaning he wants the passenger seat. Not sure if you meant that or meant he called the weapon.
Yeah, it was...a movie... It's watchable, but the first was much better.
I read the books and in glad they decided to change them.  The first book was good,  the 2nd was ok, the third was awful
Nah I was pretty high when I watched monster trucks and it was still trash.
'It' was rather good, and Wonder Woman was solid fun (though the climax was poorly handled).
IT was alright
feels like people shit on things just for the sake of feeling some sense of misguided superiority to the point that they end up not being able to enjoy life to its fullest extent. its sad tbh; people who shit on entire genres because "its the same thing" are just being lazy consumers, and in the end its lazy consumers that help create an environment where endless sequels and reboots dominate. genres are always evolving and becoming more refined and nuanced. if you cant see that, and it all seems like the same, thats on you. but that doesnt mean every marvel movie that comes out is going to be shit.

 as a fan of many source materials that eventually make it the big screen (marvel and DC included), its unbelievably frustrating to hear people regurgitate things they've heard somewhere else without giving any effort to think for themselves. Somehow many people have this train of thought that since its a comic superhero story, its going to be shitty. And to me its just such an obvious artsy bullshit superiority complex type of thing where you cant just enjoy something for what it is and instead always have to have some high and mighty critique thats been rationalized and logiced to death. 

Yes, like any genre, things can get stale. But you have to look at the bigger picture or else you'll just be constantly disappointed in everything that isnt Fight Club or whatever. People do this with animated things as well, and its so confusing and revealing to me. I like to think im a free-thinker and somewhat aware of how im influenced from day to day; and i would assume most people are the same. And yet still people associate animated things with children/adolescence and end up missing out of beautiful things like Perfect Blue. 
Wonder Woman was good.
Oh that reminds me. Is baywatch out yet for rent!? 
It's funny because he was wrong about so many of those movies. Power Rangers wasn't offensively bad, Wonder Woman was no worse than any other superhero movie, and It was very well received by critics and audiences.
[Is that, is that Dennis Quaid?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H18RUB1cxfI&feature=youtu.be&t=157)
Just keep hitting us with hurricanes until were gone!
I could hear him scream it in my head
[Passable movies](https://youtu.be/Ukk5TJL27pE)
Power Rangers was awesome
They both came out in September, both of them came out the day after my birthday. 

I loved the first one, but the second one was pretty bad. It was just too long and kind of boring for me. 


Sounds like he was getting out of one vehicle and got hit by another? Had a list of injuries. [here](http://www.vulture.com/2017/09/dylan-obrien-is-back-from-the-brink.html) 
Doesn't look like anything to me
Maze runner 6: electric boogaloo
Baby Maze Runner
Maze runner 6: The maze never ends
Maze Runner 6 : The Fate of the Maze
Maze Runner 6: Maybe the Maze Was the Friends We Made Along the Way
*CIA
And one of them's a TV movie...
I genuinely thought the series was over. Was it not resolved? I literally cannot remember. Not exactly capitalising on momentum here.
They arnt splitting the last book because they arnt even following the books anymore lol.
Could you explain to me why this pissed everyone off? I’m not saying that it shouldn’t, I genuinely would like to know. With Harry Potter, it was kind of necessary. Then Twilight and The Hunger Games did it. That’s only three franchises, though. Divergent was going to but even then it’s not that many.
That's because both the source material and the execution of the films isn't good enough to make it profitable. 
Amen. Or splitting one book into three shitty movies, while being perfectly able to turn three books into three solid movies. 
Yeah i'm not entirely sure why, but i enjoyed both movies quite a bit. I even watched the second one a couple times, and enjoyed it every time. This will be the first one i see in theatre, I hope it does well too.
1st movie was great. 2nd was fine. Waiting for this. 
Doesn't really matter if it flops since it's the last one. The fans are getting what they want. 
There is a name for the genre you are referring to. It's called "Teen Post-Apocalyptic" or something like that.
Dystopian Future genre 
Was baneposting in an unrelated movie thread part of your plan?
For you?
I had never heard of this series before and watched the first one on Netflix one day and thought it was super fun. It's not a great movie but it doesn't have to be. It entertained the hell outta me. The sequel however... 
Maze Runner was fine. Scorch Trials was a bore of endlessly string along events that set up a clichéd rebel against the government plot for the final movie instead of what the book is. 
The Hunger Games movies were god awful though :/
The first one was pretty good. Everyone involved in the making of the second one should be put in stocks in the village square and left to rethink their lives.
First was great, second was a garbage pile of strung-together "shock" reveals and 2D side-characters who only existed to feed lines to the main protagonist.
I mean, I've never even heard of the books before I watched the first film on a whim. Felt like a throwback to old-style 50's sci-fi flicks. Saw the second one in theaters and while it wasn't the best movie ever, the plot was dynamic enough to keep me engaged the whole time. I have decent expectations for this final one.
Honestly, both films really surprised me. When I went to see the original maze runner I was expecting a really bad transformers type action movie. I was pleasantly surprised. The second movie was also pleasant. As long as the final movie is not a total shit show I will be very happy with this trilogy.
And thus no one is allowed to enjoy anything, everything is just marketing now.
What if i have season pass to cinema and i pay flat price each month forr all movies. They aint getting my money worth considering the fact that i go see 1-2 premieres each week.
I will gladly watch this movie just like everything else.
Oh yeah that jogs my memory I remember he was lucky to live or something like that. I feel shitty as I watched American Assassin the other night and didn't even think about his injury. 
Can't have a running movie where the main character breaks his leg. 
The third film didn't do well so the fourth was going to be made for TV. The lead actress basically was like fuck that and left so I gather it's canned or in limbo. 
Same here. Now i gotta read dammit.
Honestly, the Percy Jackson series could have been a pretty big hit, if the movies weren't so terribly made. The charm of the book series was Percy's narration, and the movie didn't hit on that at all.

At the same time though, the books really do need too many special effects to work well.

PJ could have been the next Harry Potter, easily.

The popularity of the books shows that. The dude's written like 5 full series at this point and it still sells like mad.

They fucked it by casting it entirely wrong, not adapting it well and not giving it enough of a budget.
With exception of Harry Potter they tend to be shite 99.99% of the time.
More like broke his face. Report says that he was thrown from a vehicle struck by another resulting in a facial fracture, brain trauma, and a severe concussion. 
There is a lot of running in the first and second movie though. So 10/10 for running enthusiasts.
haha that was awesome. better than the actual movies referenced
I'd agree. The first one was pretty silly, but I can't deny it was fun. Second one was pretty trash tho.
Yeah. 1 was good. 2 was dull.
[deleted]
That's not saying much.
I enjoyed the first couple Hunger Games a lot more. The 2nd movie in this series is entirely forgettable 
Take that back you filthy crank!
Maze Runner: A Cure for Wellness
"THERE IS NO MAZE!"
I'm going to be honest, that looked like some pretty impressive acting from Dylan O'Brian in that scene. I'm pumped.
He broke his face :O
I had to read your comment in Jenna's voice and that last sentence fit almost too perfectly. 
You didn't like the open world trials?

In book 3 W.C.K.D failed, due to the fact that the virus is airborne.  In the movie, the virus is not.  So I'm expecting a different sad-ish ending which is to be a *we survived* ending.  The book ends in a fairly blunt sad note.

They changed the *Allegiant* ending, we can expect the same for The Death Cure.
lol the love interest getting crushed by a rock in the last twenty pages fucking killed me. So random, so unnecessary, so funny. 
Harry Potter transcended the YA genre though.
Are there even 5 for a list?
Yep, you nailed it, although I'd give the second book a LITTLE more credit than that. Well...sort of. "Okay" is probably fair, though I think it gets a lot of flack just because it's so different from the first. Parts of it are really cool though.

But yeah, that third one? Woof.
Hunger Games was the same, the third book was really weak. 
3rd book was sooooo bad, its so bad it made me hate the first book. That's how bad it was, wtf was that ending, it basically ruined the whole premise of the first book for me.
Prequel was good though.
Yeah, but the studio has zero faith in it (most likely due to the delay and poor performance by scorch trials) that they gave it a January release. Which is basically movie purgatory. You're not a summer blockbuster, you're not a holiday Oscar push. You're dead weight and need to be pushed off the ledger. 
He's in American Assassin which is currently just out which was the first one he filmed after recovering, I can't remember where he said it might have been the Late Late Show, but he said the fact it was stunt intensive made sure he had to jump back on the horse and it was hard but he probably wouldn't have bounced back so well if he was going back to Death Cure.

Edit: as pointed out he's in American Assassin  not American Sniper.
yeah the 2nd movie was crap
They are by no means perfect movies, but the second really wasn't that bad. It feels like it is cool to hate them and like The Hunger Games et al, even though they are not that different in number of flaws.
Totally agree. 3rd book left a bad taste in my mouth and honestly ruined the series for me. Especially the way the author handled the Thomas and Teresa stuff. Book 1 sprung you into this extremely interesting and mysterious world and then books 2 and 3 turn it into a generic zombie apocalypse with an extremely contrived attempt at a cure.
IT was fantastic.
So was Wonder Woman.
Well [the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H18RUB1cxfI) was made when everyone was shitting on IT after the Pennywise reveal, can't blame them for assuming it would be trash.
[deleted]
It was really cheesy and poor acting. I think its good in comparison to the other DC films and the lack of good female heroes. But as a movie overall it wasn't good and especislly from the villain reveal onwards it was downright horrible.
It is! Source: work at a rental place
critics trash baywatch, but I thoroughly enjoyed it...
> O’Brien was seriously injured in a stunt gone wrong. Pulled from one vehicle, he was reportedly struck by another, leaving him with a concussion, facial fracture, and brain trauma among his injuries.

TLDR
Maze Runner 6: Fuck you, Arnold
Maze Runner 7: 2 maze 2 runner
Maze runner 7: all dogs go to heaven
Maze Runner 7: The Maze that Ran (Based on a True Story)(Directed by Angelina Jolie)(Palme d'Or at Cannes)
With different actors playing the main roles
Actually it's being developed as a TV series on STARZ, this was announced about 2 months ago
Nah man, they gotta save Min-ho!

The reason this one is only coming out now is because the main character's actor was really injured in a stunt, and waiting for him to recover pushed production back a year.
Honestly you said it yourself.

Because with Harry Potter's last book IT WAS ESSENTIAL. The material in that book could've never been put into 1 film and even with 2, some things were left out of course.

Those other films absolutely didn't need their last book in two parts and just wanted to pull from the success of what Harry Potter did.

The hunger games for example really messed up. The last book was shorter than the second book and easily could've switched roles. This made for such a boring Mocking Jay Part 1 that never needed to happen.

Same goes for twilight and divergent. Garnering off the success of a separate franchise is a sure fire way to kill yours.

Splitting a film into two parts from a source material that doesn't needed is how you drag something out and make it a snooze fest! 

I've read all the Maze Runner books and I'm quite happy this isn't a two Part film when it doesn't need to be. 
Splitting the last movie into two is a huge cash grab.

They're rarely done out of need to make the films better. 

They get done to get more money out of fans and end up making the films worse. 

See: The Hobbit. 
You’re forgetting The Hobbit, a 300 page book spread over three movies. That book was stretched bigger than the Goatse guys anus so it could fit Warner Brothers mass hardon for a second Lord of the Rings trilogy.
It was starting to become the norm.  First it was sequels.  You had to do a sequel.  Then we got to point where every franchise was now a trilogy.  Sequels weren't good enough.  You HAVE To do a trilogy. 

Now trilogies aren't good enough?  You have to do four movies now, and the third/fourth one have to be filmed at the same time and be really drawn out?  They were basically charging you double the price to see how it ends by splitting the last act, or the ending, into two movies.  I mean, you would HAVE to go see the fourth one after seeing the first three, you're already invested, no matter how terrible the fourth one might be.

We needed the third Divergent film to flop now because once that train started rolling it's basically "every franchise is now four movies."  And that will be fine for a few years until someone takes four and makes it five.  That will happen quicker than when three became four.  And then five won't be good enough because somebody will figure out you can milk a franchise for six movies.  Do you see where I'm going with this?  We already have a couple of franchises (books) that are 6-7 movies.

We're diluting the story telling when everything needs to be longer and bigger and basically just stringing everybody along until they feel like they have to pay for shit, at which point the studio won't even care about putting out quality, because they know you're going to find out how it ends and you'll pay for the shit.
I just really enjoy the whole premise, and it was pulled off, in my opinion, fairly decently. I'm looking forward to the next one to be honest.

Kudos for making the third book one film as well, however sad that is.
I think it's because these movies are very fast paced. They don't get bogged down trying to get you to care about whatever ridiculous and implausible YA dystopia was set up by the books. 

Whoever makes these movies understands Maze Runner is not HP, and that spending a lot of time explaining and exploring the world before getting back to the action is not a good move. Unfortunately the makers of Divergent didn't figure this out. 
I'll be there high as a kite and ready to roll. 
Of course...
Aidan Gillen is like Nicholas Cage in that he is a good actor but takes an awful lot of shit roles.  He's there for the paycheck.
The sequel had no direction.
As someone who had only seen bits and pieces of the first, the sequel blew me away with how silly, yet fun it was. I ironically love it. There’s so many moments that are actually entertaining and then hilariously bad. Minh Ho’s knee jump was rad, Thomas flipping the bird through the door window was terrible, and so on and so on. 

I look forward to laughing with the third movie.
I'm not big into these movies, but the sequel still managed to disappoint me.  It kind of surprised me because it felt like they set up some *really* interesting things and visually they delivered - but in every other way they failed.  

I went in with zero expectations.

Got surprised by potential.

And finished annoyed that it was so wasted.
I've actually enjoyed them more than I enjoyed the hunger games... 
I liked the first one quite a bit, up until the last couple minutes. I didn't realize it was a book series and them trying to explain how the maze made any sense at all was pretty eye rolling. I wished it just ended with the door opening to white light and no explanation whatsoever. 
Is it okay?  I like movies with labyrinths in the them, The Labyrinth obviously, Hellraiser II, Time Bandits, etc.
yes thank you! I watched the first one with no expectations and no idea what was going to happen and I thought it was quite good and I thoroughly enjoyed it. But then I went into the second one with high expectations and it was terrible and slow and frustrating. Now I will go into this third movie hesitantly hoping it will be better than the second
Really liked the first one. Wife and I threw it on just because we saw it on HBO or something. Figured it would suck, pleasantly surprised. 
Oh the first movie is a delight, I agree with you there. But the second movie was terrible. As I said in an above comment, it was garbage pile of strung-together "shock" reveals and 2D side-characters who only existed to feed lines to the main protagonist.

Also, don't bother reading the books they aren't written very well. I tried and could barely get through the first chapter. It's as if someone gave a really good idea to a middle schooler.
The Scorch Trails book is much more graphic.  If they made the movie R-rated, it still would have no direction but would at least have entertaining violence.  
Well it's a YA movie so that kinda thing is expected. Even Harry Potter rebelled against the government with a heavy dose of teen angst.

It's not fine art but it's fun enough. 
And what the book is?
I thought Catching Fire was very enjoyable. The rest are pretty meh imo.
Eh I wouldn't go that far. They're competently made YA movies. Nothing about them was really terrible. 
They're actually much better than the Hunger Games movies IMO. 
I'd be really curious about the ages of all the people posting for and against these films, or what other films they enjoy. Maze Runner and Divergent are both top of my list for terrible young adult films that shouldn't have been made. Like Jupiter Ascending was laughably bad but at least it had some cool designs, these are steps below that.
[deleted]
Not trying to spoil anything but i read the books and the second movie is almost completely different from the book.
I enjoyed the 1st film but the 2nd one was pretty meh for me. 
But.. why transformers?
This is exactly what i wanted to say. This annoys me so much about reddit. As soon as someone shows their love for something that might not be that much critically acclaimed the theorists immediately come in saying, shill, paid cuck etc. Is reddit really full of so many sarky cunts? 
They need to reboot Percy Jackson as a Netflix series.

Do the books justice for fucks sake. I thought they were better than the Harry Potter series.
Pretty sure they're too busy watching Tom Cruise movies to give this one a go.
Watching someone else run has never been better than in track practice when you are taking a water break.
Seems like they went to the prometheus school of running *ding*
2 was basically the same thing repeated 3 times.
2nd one was too stupid to be dull.   
I admit, I only saw 2 on a plane without having watch 1 or read the books.  
I concluded that it must have been about torturing teens with severe mental development issues.    
Because the decision making process they had would have gotten them killed on your average hiking trip.  
I still remember when one of them caught the zombie virus. I thought they were going to be stupid and waste a valuable bullet and potentially alert all the other zombies, then they just gave him one of their few guns, with a full clip and just walked away.  
It's rare that I fully expect a movie to do something stupid and they surprise me by embarking on a course of action dumber than I could even imagine.  

This is /r/movies. I'm pretty sure everyone Shits on everything in this sub. 
The Hunger Games and Catching Fire got good reviews, but the last two got pretty bad reviews.
It's YA so it will get shit on. For me the first one was good, but then it quickly got worse. 
So people aren't entitled to think something sucks if critics haven't trashed it?
Personally, I find the series okay but not rewatchable.

I thought the first two Hunger Games were good films, but I've only had the desire to watch the second again. The first one is kind of bland on rewatches. I think that the second one holds up pretty well.

The third one isn't necessarily bad, but it's just the first half of a movie. There's no point in watching it because nothing happens. The fourth one is okay, but I remember feeling fatigued going into the movie because I just wanted to know how it ended but I didn't really care about the film itself. 

That being said, they're probably one of the better YA films out there aside from the Harry Potter series.
> Maze Runner: A Cure for Wellness

[THERE IS NO CURE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JF1rLFCdewU&feature=youtu.be&t=2m6s)
"THE MAZE WASN'T MEANT FOR YOU!"
He's had generally decent acting across the series, and the writing has *not* been a major help to him in it. 

He'll go on to do some big things, I'm sure.
After realizing that they are actually finishing the series I went and read the synopsis of the trilogy on Wikipedia and the chick's death came out of fucking nowhere even in the synopsis. The entire time just random side characters are getting murdered and suddenly right at the end this one really important character to every YA novel just dies. No less crushed in such a brutal fashion. Lol.
For sure. Most YA adaptations have been one-shots but there are a bunch of series too. You may only be familiar with the most popular ones though.

The Harry Potter series  

The Hunger Games series  

The Maze Runner series  

The Divergent Series  

The “Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants” series   

The Twilight Saga  

The Percy Jackson series  

The Chronicles of Narnia series (arguably)
  

yeah, I liked the second book but it definitely started going a completely different direction than I thought it was going to go. So I was like okay, not what I thought but I guess this can turn out really good, and went into the third book really excited. I kept reading that damned third book going, it's gotta get better, there's something great coming! 10 chapters left.... there's still time. 5 chapters left, wow shes really making this tight. 1 chapter left, maybe she can still do it? End of the book..... you've got to be fucking kidding me!! 
Personally, I do like how they went back into the Maze though. It gave me a nostalgic feeling just reading it, only a week or two after the first.
To maze runner or are you talking about Four?
Hey, still better than that insurgent film, the last movie was a straight to fucking TV movie haha, now that's a lack of faith 
Upvoted because I'm not sure if it is a typo or not.
[Fuck you, it's January!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H18RUB1cxfI)
100%, but that doesn't negate Dylan O'Brien bouncing back after a terrible injury. My point is literally to ignore the quality (or lack thereof) of the movie for a split second and take a moment to focus on Dylan.
Box office wise, The Scorch Trials didn't have a poor performance. It still made over 300 million on a 60 million budget.
It made over 300 mil on 60 mil budget. It did fine, if not good for a moderate budget. The delay probably had a bigger factor. 
*American Assassin 
It's probably about time to go renew my Dylan O'Brien celeb crush. I friggin loved this kid in Teen Wolf (especially during his Nogitsune arc) & The Maze Runner was surprisingly entertaining. Was sad there was so little of him in Deepwater Horizon...

Looking forward to watching American Assassin... and I should rewatch the 2nd Maze Runner movie, as I sort of lost the plot while it was playing/got distracted by the internet
I was surprised I liked Maze Runner so much -- I liked the film(s) more than Hunger Games & definitely more than Divergent. The Hunger Games books were pretty good though whereas I found myself putting down Maze Runner and never picking it back up. I didn't really dig the writing style.
well, then let me warn you away from book 4 which was a prequel.  Apparently there is even a 5th book as well...
I read and enjoyed the first, then read some reviews of the second after struggling to get through the first handful of chapters, read a synopsis instead and called it a day. 
Spooky clowns scare me!
Wonder woman was a solid, but rather generic movie. It had decent humor in it but the 3rd act was meh/classic CGI mesh fest.

Gal is so incredibly hot though. Distractedly good looking.
Ehh
Shitting on a movie because of a photo? Yeah man, we shouldn't blame them.

Goddamn, the internet is full of morons.
[deleted]
Oh yeah! Another Triple X franchise movie that's great to Google. 
Jump scares are not always bad, and the meme that they always make a movie worse was only started because of their use in bad movies. When used in a good movie there is nothing inherently wrong with them, especially not when used fairly sparingly like in IT. It'  130min movie and I remember maybe 4 basic jump scares. And many made sense within the logic of the movie. If you don't like the movie it's usually not because of the jump scares it likely would've been just as bad with out them. 

Sorry for the rant. 

Same here, the last horror movie I saw and loved was 'it follows'. The jump scares in here weren't that bad, but I'm worried that chapter 2 will have a lot more since it'll involve hallucinations. 
I'll wait for the porn parody
people still rent physical copies of movies? huh...who woulda known
You're like a unicorn!
>It is! Source: work at a rental place 

Stands outside a Redbox terminal...
Every single time someone's said this to me, I've agreed with the critics.
I have softspot for most thing Rock. and tities. Alexandra Daddario's to be specific. 
Same! If you've ever seen the old show, it's the same. Super cheesy and ridiculous 
The CGI was honestly appalling and made me question why they bothered with it.

The story itself was pretty generic but for me a lot of the jokes didn't land. It wasn't terrible but I felt it relied on penis jokes and other stuff my lil brother would find funny. Maybe I just wasn't the target audience
All you had to do was follow the damn train!
He's back for one more maze
Maze Runner 8: Back In Da Hood 
Big Mammas Maze
[deleted]
This actually happened?
Wait, what the fuck?
I almost down voted you that was so sad. 
Wait, they didn't cancel it after actors refused to do TV movie?
That's not a disappointment that's a fucking train wreck 
[...](http://southparkstudios.mtvnimages.com/images/shows/south-park/clip-thumbnails/season-5/0505/south-park-s05e05c03-thats-not-philip-16x9.jpg)
A year? what hapenned that there was so long break?
Twilight pretty clearly delineates between the Jacob and Bella halves, so it felt thematically sound at least.

The Hobbit, however, is the fuckin mac daddy of this sin though.
> Garnering off the success of a separate franchise is a sure fire way to kill yours.

Also why Infinity War becomes Avengers 3 and 4. They realized that Part 1 and 2 is offputting and moneygrabbing to audience
>The hunger games for example really messed up. The last book was shorter than the second book and easily could've switched roles. This made for such a boring Mocking Jay Part 1 that never needed to happen.

I somewhat disagree about Mockingjay. While the book was shorter there was a lot of material hinted at that was never developed or the reader only got filled in in passing. I don't think two separate movies was necessary, but they would have had to add some things to flesh out the story more. I think the studio and the fans would have been better served with one three hour movie to finish the franchise.
You could make a strong argument that the last 3 HP books could have been split into 2 movies each. Those books were massive and had SO much left out of the movie

>Because with Harry Potter's last book IT WAS ESSENTIAL. The material in that book could've never been put into 1 film and even with 2, some things were left out of course.

Eh, Part 1 had some pacing issues, but yeah, Part 2 was great.

A lot of that comes down to how they needed to try to create a full plot arc out of the first half of the book. They needed to create an end out of the middle.
SetSails77, i agree w/ you 100%. 
I really hope someone creates a condensed version of the 3rd hunger games hunger games movies like they did with the prequel 
Oh god. Mockingjay part 1 was the most pointless film I've seen in a long time. It wasn't necessarily even *bad*, it was just the introduction, and rising action of a normal film...without the climax or resolution. 

After I left the theater, I had zero desire to see that film again because why watch the first half of a movie without the second half? Then once part 2 came out, I was just so done. I didn't like that part either. 
Refresh my memory, what was left out of HP? 
Unpopular opinion - Harry Potter didn't need to be two movies. I only watched it the once but I remember the first movie being painfully boring with nothing really meaningful happening. They destroy a couple of horcruxes which you knew they would, they argue and split up but then come back together, they wander around some woods forever, they get captured and then escape no worse for wear minus a minor character.

I remember thinking at the end of the movie the characters weren't in a meaningfully different situation than they were at the start. Now Part 2 was pretty long and including anything from Part 1 would have probably made it feel bloated, but I don't think there was nearly enough content for two movies, one and a half maybe.
Not read the book but it felt like it could have been 1 film. I only really remember the 2nd, the 1st  I recall as just tedious discussions in a tent?
The Hobbit covers a journey that is about as long as the one in The Lord of the Rings, time wise. It is just written with a lot less detail and more like a fairy tale. Jumping around that crazy fast would not make for a good movie either.

The quality of the movies is a completely different topic though which i'm not going to defend.
Is he a good actor though, because it seems like he does that whisper sort of Irish accent in everything he's in.
Neither did the book. The series really goes off the rails once they're out of the maze. It's apparent the guy that wrote it had an idea for the first book but no clue what to do after it it.

It has one of the most unsatisfying endings of any series I've ever read, too.
Same opinion for me. The first one was great. Second was a mess.
Is that the one that eventually becomes like 28 days later? 
No not really, first one is ok, the second one is total trash though.
Yeah it’s basically the same basic level of storytelling without the layers of crushing portent, stylistic dystopian overreaching, and neverfuckingending angst. 

Even the second maze runner movie was just a simple action movie with sci-fi flavor mixed in, which is much more watchable than the tedious HG sequels. And even the first HG is just a slog to get through on the rewatch. 
>I'd be really curious about the ages of all the people posting for and against these films, or what other films they enjoy.

Why? Looking to justify thinking they have bad taste in movies because they enjoyed or hated ones that you didn't?

I'm 28, my favorite movie is Dark Knight, my favorite of this summer was Baby Driver, and I loved Hunger Games 1 and 2, and thought Maze Runner was decent.

Because I'm judging them on their own merits as young adult fiction movies and not comparing them to the Godfather.

>Maze Runner and Divergent are both top of my list for terrible young adult films that shouldn't have been made.

Because....? What exactly is the criteria for why something should be made or not? They were young adult fiction books, they had readers, they were just as valid for movie adaptations as any other book.
   
You put Jupiter Ascending above Maze Runner? 
Because they were YA adaptions, so it's cool to hate them. Plain and simple. They were a formula that people got tired of very quickly, and now single YA movie is bad...
In fairness the second book was garbage. I enjoyed the first one and then the second book was so bad it made me hate the first retrospectively.  I think they did a better job with the film but it’s still really bad.
Yeah, they pretty much axed the source material. There are some pretty iconic lines/scenes in the 3rd book that I think most book readers are really hoping make an appearance. I have no idea if they'll work them into the movie. 
I always expect the second movie to be the worst. I feel they are just there to get you to the third.
As in I expected special effects and action with nothing else.
lol, what a film!
(besides IT)
And if you don't you're just a paid shill
That was exactly my experience reading the series, to a tee. God that ending was stupid. And not just STUPID, it was stupid followed by stupid with a side helping of pointless stupid. 

(Also, idk if it was a typo, but just friendly pointing out that James Dashner is a dude.)
Maze runner. 
Did it actually ever come out? On tv?
Looking back, I didn't intend to make that pun, but I did literally mean they want to get the movie off the books.
My favorite holiday!

No Bradley Cooper is the main character in Maze Runner
Thanks! Didn't even realise, knew it was American Assassin in my head
Yes now I agree with this 10/10, the teen wild nogitsune story was the best of the series I think and its partially down to his acting alone, compared to other cast members who fall flat sometimes. And I loved deepwater horizon. 

American Assassin looks pretty good I think too, regardless of who's in it so it's an added bonus it's him. Yea the second was great but before the 3rd one I'll probably watch both of them again. 
It's almost as if RedLetterMedia are some kind of hack-frauds. ;-)
Heath Ledger got a lot of hate when his Joker photos were released.
The video isnt shitting on IT specifically. But rather the trend of making movies off established media and franchises.
If we’re being fair though they still weren’t too keen on the final result either. Sure the box office could say one thing but at the end of the day it’s entirely subjective.
Anyone who say's Jump Scares are inherently bad hasn't seen or doesn't remember the one from *Mulholland Drive*
They are an effective tool when you don't use them as a crutch, there aren't actually a lot of 'by-the-book' jump scares. Just a lot of showing you the scary thing and shoving it towards the screen, which is equally distracting when ineffective. It's like a jump scare without the jump, they never really pull the rug from under you, the monsters have legs and use them 9/10 times. I wasn't startled by anything but it didn't feel like it was trying to, did anyone else actually jump at anything in the movie?
Alexandra Daddario replaced by Keisha Grey? The Rock by a brownface Johnny Sins?
Redbox 
Our place has an advantage in that its combined with a pizza place. Buy a pizza, get a free rental. That gets people in the door, and they keep coming back. Plus families with kids always rent more than one movie, so it's a good add-on sale.
Oh buddy, I'm more than just ["like"](https://d2npbuaakacvlz.cloudfront.net/images/uploaded/large-present/2014/1/2/horse-mask-of-destiny-1388676988.png) a unicorn.
Me too. It's almost like most critics are competent at determining if a movie is good or not.
Two ts.
Ya, it's a real shame that in an R rated movie we didn't get to see her titties.

But we did get a corpse dick at least.  It's almost the same thing.
EXTRA CHEEEESE
Hard when you're in a dark sewer... Wait.
Maze Runner 8 : One Last Maze
Maze Runner 9:  Race Wars
Yeah why even bother at that point, just can the damn thing.
They announced that and it was supposed to come out this March according to the poster on imdb, but no news since so it might not even happen.
The first Divergent: Allegiant part flopped so the second one's budget got slashed then they couldn't afford the actors anymore because of the slashed budget which means interest in the film died down which meant another budget slash which meant chances of a theatrical release died
Yeah, seems it was pretty bad. Production was shut down from March 2016 until March 2017. Here's what the [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maze_Runner:_The_Death_Cure#Filming) says about it:

> On March 18, 2016, it was reported that actor Dylan O'Brien was injured on set and was hospitalized. James Dashner announced via Twitter that the production was postponed after the accident.[6] It was said that the producers were "looking to" resume filming around mid-May.[7] According to the Directors Guild of Canada's production list, the film was scheduled to resume filming on May 9, and complete principal photography on July 26. However, on April 29, 2016, production was shut down indefinitely as O'Brien's injuries were more serious than previously thought.[8]  
Filming resumed on March 6, 2017 in Cape Town, South Africa.

And this [news article describes the accident](https://www.yahoo.com/movies/dylan-obriens-injuries-force-maze-runner-225351319.html): 
 
  
  

> Dylan O'Brien was injured while shooting the YA action-adventure sequel on March 18. Sources say he was in a harness on top of a moving vehicle when he was pulled off the vehicle unexpectedly and hit by another vehicle. A report from WorkSafeBC described his injuries to include “concussion, facial fracture and lacerations.”
Splitting hobbit into three movies was awful, you could say it could’ve been done in one. I think that two would’ve been sufficient enough. Peter Jackson just wanted really cool battles like in LotR but the thing is the books have no real battles. The Battle of the Five Armies is only a few pages long because bilbo got knocked the fuck out about halfway through. A three hour movie to atone for about 10 pages of a book is terrible.
Really? 
The last twilight was a bore and really didn't need to happen. Same said for the entire series! 

However I feel you on the Hobbit! 
The Hobbit wasn't just one book split into 3 movies. It was one book that was shorter than every LOTR book that was split into 3 movies.
100% 
Apparently Avengers 3 and 4 tell complete but connected stories, so it would be a bit of a misnomer to call them part one and two.

Remember, these movies take place roughly when they are released in the real world, so there will be roughly a one year gap between the first and second movie.

Plus, it's not like this is the last movie, there will be more Avengers movies to come after Infinity War.
Exactly! 

That's why this guy I'm arguing with I just can't take seriously.

He hasn't read the source material and has no idea what he's talking about. 
EXACTLY! 

Absolutely nothing happened in that film.
It was all introduction and rising action of a build. Then, nothing.

It should've just been one film.

To the people saying Harry Potter 7 didn't need to be split into 2 parts, I don't know what the hell theyre talking about because it was nothing like Mocking Jay Part 1.

Things were actually happening in Part 1 of Deathly Hallows. Horcrux hunting, drama, fights, chases, etc. 
The part when Harry explains why he is the master of the Elder Wand, and not Tom in front of everyone
Not really too much at all from what I recall honestly! 

The Deathly Hallows was one of the longest books in the series and had a huge amount of content.
Splitting it into two movies worked EXTREMELY WELL! 

I can't even imagine all of the content in that book trying to be crammed into one film! 
Thank god it wasn't! 

Perhaps the trend setter but honestly the only film I can think of to both use the split series correctly AND truly need it! 
How can you have half a movie though? Its probably why they decided to go with two movies in the first place. They probably figured it was better to make two movies than do what Dark Tower did and shit the bed with one really dense movie.
Really? After rewatching I think that Deathly Hallows part 1 was the best in series. 
No Irish accent or whispering in The Wire: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vmWkJ8hLoE
His acting was pretty distinct in The Wire.
I have to disagree with that, I felt that the ending of the series was extremely strong. This whole comment is going to be one big spoiler so I won't bother with the tags.

The whole reason for the maze and the other trials was an attempt to find a cure or treatment for the Flare. The science behind that doesn't make a lot of sense, but whatever it's fiction. Before he lost his memory, Thomas actually helped design the tests because he felt that a cure needed to be found at any cost, even if he had to torture and kill innocent teenagers to do it. But after the events of the first two books, after feeling the effects of his own torture, after seeing no progress in the search for a cure, Thomas decides that the ends don't justify the means. The torture has to stop, even if it means most of humanity dies. You might disagree with this idea, but it's still a much stronger and more interesting moral stance than most fictional characters have.

So in the last book Thomas is only concerned with saving his friends. Not saving the world, not overthrowing the corrupt government, just saving his friends. He works with the rebels briefly, but they have conflicting interests which cause them to part ways quickly. The book doesn't try and say that one side is good and another is evil, it's more that one is pragmatic and one is angry and lashing out at authority. This once again sets it apart from genre contemporaries and gives the whole story a fatalistic edge.

And at the end of everything, Thomas and his friends manage to escape the chaos and make it to a safe location. They are only able to do this because one of the big bads of the series, Ava Page, gave them a teleporter that broke after they went through it. In the epilogue, we learn that civilization is collapsing quickly and it's very likely that the only humans that will survive are the small group of people that Thomas took with him. Ava Page and Thomas both got what they wanted: Humanity didn't go extinct and his friends survived. And despite that the whole thing has a sad edge to it. All of civilization has collapsed and most of their struggles were pointless. But the main characters don't wallow in sadness, they jump right back up and get to work. This isn't some horror story about how humans are destined to destroy themselves. It's about how we're sometimes helpless against fate but still have the ability to bounce back and keep going.

TL;DR- Despite the good guys winning and surviving, the ending of *The Death Cure* is borderline nihilistic while most modern stories try to end on a hopeful note. The author intended for the final act of the series to subvert expectations that audiences have for YA books.
Well that is the problem with naming a series "Maze Runner". Doesn't make sense after the first movie when you're out of the maze.
I actually read all of the main trilogy and the prequel. I want those hours of my life back.
First one's okay, second one's great, third one's meh, fourth one's meh.
I only watched for Josh Hutcherson
At least Jupiter Ascending tried to be something and then failed. Maze Runner and Divergent are some formulaic stuff.
Exactly. If those movies were made before the YA clones were published, they would have been better received. All four were at least pretty good, and I honestly still think the first one was great.
Third book was also pretty meh.
Oh i was taking about the divergent series lol, but almost the same exact thing applies to the maze runner too
No. Everybody important decided to drop out and the studio initially tried recasting before eventually dropping it completely.
Teen Wolf had a pretty interesting run. I'll admit when it first came out, I was really digging Tyler Posey but then as the series got its legs, Dylan O'Brien began to far outstrip any other character (slightly arguable: Tyler Hoechlin seemed legit). The writers helped -- in particular, they added more depth to Stiles' relationship with his father which was so insanely endearing, but I'd still say it was O'Brien's acting chops combined with Linden Ashby's that made it work. Also re: writing, I feel like there were somewhat similar scenes between Tyler Posey & his onscreen Mom, but Posey's acting - especially juxtaposed against his onscreen best friend O'Brien - seemed to fall flat. 

I agree with you that the Nogitsune story was the best of the series. I watched Teen Wolf in blocks (like I'd binge it every 6 months or so), and I couldn't believe how much I adored the thriller/drama of Stiles' arc, with Stiles as *pretty* much the main character. He carried it *so well* and I was absolutely riveted. After that series block, the rest seemed so 'meh' without him as the most prominent character (and I wasn't really sure about boosting the romance between Lydia & Stiles in the last one; I wanted it to be his father who saved him...)

I'm excited to watch American Assassin too :)
To be fair the video was them looking forwards to 2017 movies and not expecting much, rather than reviewing them and saying they were bad. No one who liked Wonder Woman needs to feel offended here. They liked it in their review.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhoUnOxqr40
Because I like my Joker to be seven feet tall and possibly a minotaur, and I will shriek at the first suggestion otherwise.
Because as previously stated, the internet is full of morons.
Jared Leto did too, and it wasn't unbased shittin even from a photo.
I wish I could forget..
That's actually one of the coolest business concepts I've ever heard. I wish my town had something like that!
That's essentially what my friday nights back in the late 90's early 2000's were. It saddens me that these are not that common any more as it was a ton of fun as a kid, but I'm sure it was annoying as my parents would have to pay for both at a separate place. Glad it's working somewhere for folks.
Maze Runner: After Story 
They paid for the licence. Gotta milk it for all it's worth.
I don't think that's even it.

I'm pretty sure Woodley (lead actress) just refused it because she never signed up for some tv project when doing it, so because it wasn't in the contract she just bowed out of the shitshow.
If I recall correctly some of the actors were angry because they didn't sign on for a TV project. Maybe they were able to get out of their contracts because of that.
A lot went wrong with the Hobbit. Honestly, with time, Jackson could have crafted a decent trilogy out of the Hobbit and supplemental Middle Earth info. The problem was he was making up the production process as it took place since he had to step in for Guillermo del Toro.

Should it have been three movies? Certainly not. But it *could* have been decent if its production wasn't so fucked. You can see slivers of greatness in the parts where they put in the proper dedication and effort. 
> Splitting hobbit into three movies was awful, you could say it could’ve been done in one. I think that two would’ve been sufficient enough.

No need to hypothesize - It's been done.  And it's an improvement.

https://tolkieneditor.wordpress.com/
It’s a 300 page book. Two movies would have still been excessive.
Which is kind of weird he would feel that way, since packing the action into 2 movies would've made for a faster-paced narrative overall. The book actually has a pretty natural halfway point too, after Bilbo rescues the dwarves from the spiders. IMO that would've made a pretty great climax for a first half, with Bilbo realizing he doesn't need to be a coward as they exit the forest and see whatever picturesque-yet-ominous view in front of them.
Not that i totally disagree with you,  but run me through how a 3 hour run time of the hobbit could be made that doesn't have terrible pacing issues. (Im genuinely curious, as i dont think it could be done)
Fellowship of the Ring was > 400 pages and made a solid 3 hour movie.  It flowed at a good pace and nothing felt rushed or like filler.

The Hobbit was ~ 300 pages and was turned into 9 hours worth of movies.

It probably could have been solidly adapted into a 2:15 movie.
Agreed on all points. Two movies would have been stretching it. Three was ridiculous. 
Then the series wasn't written for you?
I always talk about the wasted potential of Twilight.  They spend all this time talking up all these different groups and people and races and all of that.  They talk up this potential huge battle that could be absolutely life altering for so many different groups.  All of this build up.  All of this conflict.

And......nothing.

There is no resolution.  It just....kind of ends.  I mean... I know there was a reason it happened that way, but she had the chance to add even more books to the series by actually adding in a war.  A war between everybody.  All these important characters having to clash.  It could have been amazingly epic and would have totally redeemed the awful love story up to that point.

Instead....it just ended.  So much wasted potential.
The various changes to that scene made me pretty salty. Voldemort shouldn't have turned into snippets of paper either -- a big point of his death was how mundane it was in the end, and the perfectly ordinary corpse he left behind. But noooo, gotta have that cinematic arcane disintegration because it's special Voldemort. Whatever.
> I can't even imagine all of the content in that book trying to be crammed into one film! Thank god it wasn't!

There was approx 200 pages of Harry and Hermione walking around the woods/travelling. It could've been one film if they wanted a 3 hour movie but that doesn't sell nowadays
...and the UK Queer as Folk
He was talking about the Maze runner series.
And ill only watch this for Thomas Brodie Sangster 😍
Ya I honestly only really liked the prequel (didn’t even know it was a the origin starting out) and the maze runner the other two were forgetful same with the second movie. 
HAH! Okay that's funny as hell. It's so true. 
You would think they could have managed to find nosy the series in film with a smaller budget. It will damage all other films in the fire that there isn't a finale and finale would have gotten at least some watching. But I guess they thought nobody would show up at that point.
Yea I thought season 1 they were all kinda breaking out cause I didn't know them from previously roles, and as the seasons went on Dylan improved and the others didn't really, or noticeably not as much and season 3 was pinaccle where he was more in the lead than scott, and shone in the role. After that he went back to a secondary role behind characters that were flat and not as well portrayed. That plus the addition of new cast who seemed inexperienced just lead to it feeling, at least for me, like the show was on the down. And yea the blatant push of 'stydia' when viewer numbers was dropped annoyed me.   
Can't blame them for predicting it would be bad, either. Given WB's record thus far.
Hey, it might eventually! We're opening a bunch more stores (like 150) in the US, and I hear we are already looking at international locations! I mean, this chain started in MY home town almost 500 miles from where I am now!
It's rad now, you can order your Khazar and movie online and we have them  both waiting for you, OR we deliver them both AND can return any movies you already have for you! And it's a chain that started in my home town, so it's extra cool to see it thrive like this.
But how do you milk something that's worth nothing?
Lucky her. She's a better actress than that franchise.
Right, the Hobbit being three parts simply isn't what was wrong with them. The issue was Jackson being utterly rushed and unprepared and at places having to cobble together both the story and the scenes on the day of filming. I agree that there was no *reason* for three parts, but if the Hobbit had turned out fantastic nobody would complain.
From the description, it sounds great, gotta try watching it someday, because i tried watching the trilogy and it bored me to sleep. 
I may have missed this in the article, but how can I get this edit? I'd love to watch it.
Two would have been great.  Then maybe they could have spent more time on the actual battle of 5 armies instead of showing that ridiculous 1v1 fight between the orc and Oakenshield on top of a mountain.  
Great! 
What races are other beside humans and vampires?
I haven't read the prequel. I think I've had enough maze runner for life.
Totally forgot about the new cast. Yeah, they just weren't particularly interesting to me. Inexperienced actors too, yeah. 

> yea the blatant push of 'stydia' when viewer numbers was dropped annoyed me

Oh wait, what happened? lol. Viewer numbers went down and so they decided to revive & establish Stydia? So lame. Stiles' closest relationships in the series were with his dad first, then his best friend. I'm sure it was MTV execs trying to think like their demo & failing by thinking a romantic love (however inorganic it may be) should be the connection to Stiles when he disappeared, but they really screwed the pooch on that. The heart of the show (pretty early on) became Stiles & his relationship with his father (and secondarily his relationship with his best friend). The writers sacrificed pulling our heartstrings using those established & heartfelt relationships in favor of thinking we'd prefer to see some romantic 'distance makes the heart grow fonder' shit between him & Lydia...
They weren't even making a solid prediction, they were just shitting on Hollywood releasing endless sequels/remakes/established stories.
How neat is that! 
I'll keep my eye out!
Luck's got nothing to do with it.

"Last I heard they were trying to make it into a television show. I didn’t sign up to be in a television show. Out of respect to the studio and everyone in involved, they may have changed their mind and may be doing something different, but I’m not necessarily interested in doing a television show." - Shailane Woodly, interview with ScreenRant during a press for *Snowden,* September 2016.

Nevermind that she cut her teeth in TV with *The Secret Life of The American Teenager.*

On the red carpet for the 2017 Primetime Emmys, she was interviewed by E! During that interview she claimed to not even own a TV, attributed that to being a "reader," then said she would rather read a book than turn on her TV (the TV she said she didn't own.) In the same interview, she claims to not understand why people watch TV and a few seconds later is attributing the success of *Big Little Lies* to people who are "hungry" for that kind of show. It's too surreal to relate to you with text, so here's the video:

http://videos.vidible.tv/prod/2017-09/18/59bf1c69b90afb349fbee51d_1280x720_v1.mp4?HPC1rsVPaojhpE3sgvcjGl6__LA9IVKwmltCKlojF_NPprGpgPPF2s3SuLFdqf6B

She thinks she's too good for TV, then signs up for a TV project because it pays more than the indie film work she's getting, publically trashes the medium that is keeping her gainfully employed and then praises the TV project she's part of. 

She's a fucking tool that overestimates her worth. 
Honestly I liked the idea for the Divergent series but she bombed the fuck out of that one. Maybe it was poor writing, directing or whatever but she looked like someone who was on set for the first time. Tragic AF. The fake crying was really hard to watch.
There's a link in the article for the download.
Werewolves.

I'm not saying tons of races, I'm just saying it was easier to say that than to say 'Humans and vampires and werewolves, oh my!'

Just figured it sounded better the way I typed it as opposed to listing them all out.
Yea and they didn't fit cohesively with the cast who were already established too.

I don't think it actually happened but I don't know cause I stopped watching, but at one point the trailers for the next episodes were edited to look more stydia likely and the producers were hinting it would/could happen.

Edit: I think this was before Stiles disappeared, it was when there was the chimeras and Lydia was in eichen.  
So wait... your argument is that if she turned down a shitty film franchise because it violated her contract (and was a super shitty franchise anyways), she shouldn't be allowed to do an HBO mini series? Those are two astronomically different things. One was literally the laughing stock of the film world, and the other was from a respected network based on a great book. 

As far as her "I don't own a TV" comment, there are TVs in hotels etc, or maybe she just decided to buy a fucking TV one day.Or maybe she was just trying to justify dipping, because idiots like you would never stop harassing her if she just said "Its shit and it breaks my contract, I'm out."

 HBO hardly equals a shitty tv movie trying to recoup budget. 
