You just know they've outlined Mission Impossible 7, 8, 9, 10.

And by "outline," I mean it's just a stick figure of Cruise being fired out of a circus cannon into a tornado.
Sooooo how can i get manliness like Henry Cavill. 
So he's going rogue for the sixth time, but who cares this movie looks awesome.
I guess the next installment will be a special iconic one because it will be 25 year from the first one..Can't believe this franchise is already 22yrs old..
This looks really really good. They shot some scenes in Pulpit Rock in Norway. When Tom Cruise came, all the newspapers where reporting it. He stayed at a mansion by the sea not far from my home. He took a helicopter to the mountain to shoot the scenes, and helicopter back after it was done. Meanwhile Henry Cavill was free to walk the streets at was just spottet a few times in Stavanger, and not by journalists. 
I'm really appreciating the sense of continuity of this one. Same team, same villain (though I assume Cavill's the real antagonist). The main issue I had with the first three films (which I liked) was that they felt too...episodic, almost. Rogue Nation and Ghost Protocol felt like natural continuations of one another. 

On a more important note, Cruise looks like prime badass here, and I'm so interested what Ethan Hunt has going up against him this time, trailers have done well not to really spoil anything.
Sometimes I really wish that Jean Reno wasn't what he was in the first Mission Impossible just so we can have Jean Reno on every Mission Impossible and he an Ving Rhames can old odd couple it up over comms every few years.

This series has been pretty damn consistent so far. Quality action films are hardly this reliable so I’m going to stay away from this trailer. I don’t want to see every sweet set piece beforehand. The first trailer was awesome though.
[deleted]
is this the one tom cruise broke his foot filming when he was jumping from building to building?
Cavill and Cruise together? I'm sold. 
Y'all talking about Cruise and Cavill but no one's mentioning my man Vhing Rhames. IIRC, he's the only other character to appear in every installment alongside Tom.
This looks like 2 hours of Tom Cruise running into things, and I couldn't be more stoked.
How is Tom Cruise going to beat Superman? This is one hell of a crossover. 
impressed how they use basically almost the entirety of the first trailer, added just a few scenes and differently cut together. Two great trailers and movie is still not spoiled. Good job to whoever is in charge of these.
I’m really in this mostly for Cavill. The dude deserves a chance to properly shine and actually be seen. 
I love these films so much. Well maybe not the 2nd one as much as the rest. But I can watch these films so many times! I'm hyped for this one as well! 
Mission Impossible movies just get better with each installment wtf.
This film looks like it is going to be exciting as hell with some amazing stunt sequences but the thing that is getting me most hype is that Cruise/Cavill bathroom fight scene.
Oh I get it!!! 

FALLOUT...the window of the helicopter. The window of the building. The car. THE SEAT I'M SITTING IN BECAUSE I'M BLOWN AWAY BY THAT TRAILER.
I am so FUCKING excited for this movie. I can't wait. I want to dive into Rebecca Ferguson's eyes and then grab onto Henry Cavill's arm to lift me out of the water when I realise I can barely doggy paddle, never mind dive.
Henry Cavill putting that big bear hammer style that he showed in MoS... Man I don't think I I ever was so jealous of a attractive man like him.

He looks really like a Hammer 
This looks absolutely incredible! 
I’m so miffed that Jeremy renner isn’t in this because the filming for this film clashed with the filming for infinity war, which he doesn’t even appear in. 
Just like last trailer (or teaser trailer), those Henry Cavill punches look so incredibly powerful and painful wow
"You go rogue, he's been authorised to hunt you down and kill you."  
[cuts to many scenes of Cavill's character trying to kill Ethan]

Hey guys, spoiler alert, but I think the IMF go rogue in this one!
Wait...is Henry Cavil a bad dude in this? :(
Man that bathroom fight scene is brutal.
This looks like it'll be the best of the series 
That shit Henry Cavill does with his arms before he gets in a fist fight is on a whole new level of badass.
Looks fun. These movies have been pretty consistent and Tom Cruise continues to prove he's one of the best action stars working today. 

I've been enjoying all the behind the scenes videos of the crazy stunts (including the one where he breaks his foot on that jump).

"You go rogue? He's been authorized to hunt you down and kill you." Of course Ethan's going rogue.
So, this is what Cavill's moustache was being saved for?     
Seems worth it.   
Dude looks like a fucking tank.
Ngl kinda miss the Imagine Dragons song with this trailer, but this looks like so much fun. 
Cavill is very believable as an unstoppable force that you shouldn't even try to fight. Just run.
What's striking to me is just how much of a physical threat Cavill's character seems to be. The past antagonists, even most of the henchmen, have always outsmarted or gotten the jump on Hunt. We rarely see someone who feels like they could legitimately beat Hunt in a fist fight and it feels like Hunt will have great difficulty beating Cavill
[deleted]
I would let Henry Cavill assassinate me.
I would watch this just to see Henry Cavill throw punches. 
i see neither Bottlecaps, nor Mutants nor Deathclaws.    



What a ripoff...
I'm so conflicted. Tom Cruise gives me the creeps big time. But Henry Cavill is so handsome. AND the million dollar mustache!
This franchise just keeps getting better. Which is hard to do. 
This entire movie looks like every scene is going to be an action setpiece, and I'm 100% DOWN for this
The MI films are so ace...aside from 2, obviously. That was a big bag of dicks. 
My little head canon is that Tom Cruise is just extremely suicidal but he just cant die, because he is the main character, so he just does increasingly ridiculous suicide attempts.
People love to hate Tom Cruise, but the man can act, which is moe than you can say for a lot of movie stars, and puts 150% into every role, and you just know if he's in a movie its worth watching.

Yet you'll always come across some jackass who acts holier than thou and will refuse to watch TC's work because of his personal beliefs.
I’ve never seen any mission impossible movies but I really like other action spy movies. Is it worth watching through all of them at some point?
I was already sold on the first trailer 
What happened to Jeremy Renners character?  Also I miss Maggie q and Paula Patton 
I can already tell by the trailer that Henry Cavill has a great screen presence in this film. Dudes legit.
I love that they brought Rebecca Ferguson (plays Ilsa) back for this one. I loved her character in Rogue Nation. I cannot wait for this movie, MI is my favorite action movie series
What's with the trend of having a trailer before the trailer? It's really stupid. 

But that shot of Henry Cavill walking towards the dude before he throws down was fucking badass.
If it was called Mission Impossible : Eat Shit, and it was just Tom Cruise eating shit at a table, I'd still watch it.
Did they use CGI to put that mustache onto Superman’s face?
This looks fun. Starting to become a reliable trait with these now. 2 was a shitshow, and I wasn't enamored with 3 the way some people were, but since then they've been good.....and the first one is great.
Ever since U.N.C.L.E. I've had a man-crush on Cavill.

Watching him pummel Cruise is almost too much goodness...like a sundae on a roller coaster.
Action looks very slick. Already shaping up to be one of my favourite films of the year! 
what's done is done
when we say it's done 

can't wait anymore.. max hype

Henry looks dope with his moustache
I just rewatched the first and second movie. The first was good, but the second was a fuckfest of cliché action movie things that were so obvious out of reality, that I couldn't watch the end.

Is the third movie better?
Henry Cavill looks like a boss in this, him getting ready to fight oh shit. Not gay but I would by him a drink if I was out on the piss and saw him. plus the most expensive moustache in the world I'm sold
The last two were really good. Looking forward to it. 
I wanna say it's derivative of its own brand but...honestly those fight scenes look awesome and the trailer gives a great idea about what the movie is going to be like while simultaneously not really telling you anything.

A+
Very cool
Those motorcycle scenes are always amazing, he may be a nut job but the man knows how to ride it like he stole it.
So that’s what the Cavill “million dollar stache” looks like...
Tom Cruise is a fucking movie star.
If you freeze frame the window jump just right you can see Tom breaking his ankle.
Man I didn't realize that Cavill would be the villain. Don't know if I can cheer against that perfect jawline.
Does anyone think Tom Cruise [is having some digital vanity work done?](https://mashable.com/2014/12/01/hollywood-secret-beauty-procedure/#cWxatBSnCmq4) I mean he’s 55. There were some suspiciously smooth-faced shots in the trailer. 

Don’t get me wrong, his commitment to stunts and his ability to give great action movie is undeniable. But...
That bathroom fight scene looks bad ass, I'm excited!
More Rebecca Ferguson is NEVER and bad thing!
That man looks so good for his age. 🤔
A whole playthrough without using power armor? That's a bold move. Also I don't care for the new style vertibirds. 
This better be good, it’s the reason why Superman looked like a cheep Snapchat filter on Justice league 
Finally, Henry Cavill in a successful franchise. Go Henry! 
How did previews of the trailer right before the trailer become a thing? Movie looks good though. 
No enough Henry Cavill in this trailer. 
Looks great, as usual. It's really something when a film series is on its 6th film and can still be consistently good.
I'm glad Solomon Lane is back, makes the films it feel more connected, and makes the "fallout" from Hunt's past actions more credible if Lane is once again back since he was, I think, Hunt's toughest opponent.
And of all the things Hunt's done, jumping out of the window gives him apprehension? 
That trailer had no right to be as entertaining as it was. Fallout superman!
Quality action. Im watching this!
Fuck this looks sick
That's because Maximillion Von Rotzky^TM was planning to seed the Cerberus NanoVirus^TM across North America via the Poseidon Weather Control Device^TM and Ethan has to fly directly into the eye of the infected tornado to manually release the Aether Nano-dote^TM before he parachutes in a spiral pattern around the outside of the F-5 tornado and then cut his parachute so he can jump onto the wing of the plane Benji was flying in a synchronized spiral below him for extraction.

Mission: Impossible - Hailstorm
[deleted]
For MI8 Tom Cruise will go into deepspace and fight the villian on the edge of a  black hole
I figure by 10, we'll be watching Ethan struggle to remember where he put his car keys after a decade of concussions and traumatic brain injury.  
I hope so. The films have gotten better and better. They could switch up the direction i suppose but whatever, they are fun movies.
1. Hit the lawyer

2. Facebook up

3. Delete gym
The Mustcache speaks manliness. I can't grow one. That stache looks like it was worth not shaving for Justice League.
[deleted]
Do you workout?

Do you dress well?

Do you eat healthy?
Regular estrogen injections to Henry Cavill so he comes down to average male levels of manliness 
Have badass music cues timed perfectly to when you throw your dukes up so you sound like Ripley in Aliens operating the power loader.
1. Be born in Krypton.
2. Be sent via spaceship to earth.
3. Wear an S on your chest.
He's actually going rogue when he's actually following his agency rules. His normal state is to be rogue.
Suprisingly, only the 4th time.

* 1 - Went rogue because he was framed
* 2 - Did not go rogue
* 3 - Went rogue because wife got captured
* 4 - Did not go rogue; the secretary gave him a secret mission
* 5 - Went rogue because refused to work with CIA to track Lane
It makes the mission more impossible
That's insane to think about. Tom Cruise playing Ethan Hunt might be the longest time any one actor has starred in a leading role of every film in a franchise. 
It’s pretty insane to think about the gaps in the early movie releases.

4 years to MI2

6 years to MI3

5 years to MI4

4 years to MI5

3 years to MI6.

Few other franchises have such huge gaps between their early installments’ releases but then actually speed up later (and increase in quality IMO).
Wow it's been 22 years?? That's really a testament to Cruise's  physicality. 
[deleted]
>  Meanwhile Henry Cavill was free to walk the streets at was just spottet a few times in Stavanger, and not by journalists.

To be fair, he was wearing glasses. How could anyone recognize him at that point?
if one wanted to be a famous celeb, i'd rather be Cavill level of famous and not Cruise because it's just too annoying.
How do you not notice Henry...the guy is built like a mountain
I don't think Cavill is the real antagonist. They'll probably battle constantly but team up later.
[deleted]
And don’t forget.. same director. For the first time!
Tbh the rogue nation was what spectre should have been.

And the next bond film should be a continuation of the Blofield story like this one is of solomon
So was the gravely voiced man in rogue nation? I don’t remember that.
MI3 kinda started the serialized nature of it with Simon Pegg appearing and him getting married 
So, I haven't seen any of the Mission Impossible movies lately. Would you recommend I could watch Ghost Protocol, Rogue Nation, then this one? then circle back to watch the others later? 
Oh shit is that the same villain from the last movie?!
I wish they didn't turn Jim Phelps into a villain, kind of shitty way to treat the hero of the original series. I hope in one installment Hunt finds him in some secret prison and the other Phelps is revealed to have been an impostor. #justiceForPhelps
It's pretty rare to find a series that goes on for long as this one starring the same main character, let alone having it be consistently good. Really a treat to enjoy before Tom gets too old for them (which is probably still far off knowing him).
[deleted]
I was going to mention The Die Hard series but then I remembered A Good Day to Die Hard.
I’ll just say this, the trailer gives you a sense whatever the stakes are in this are real, big, and deadly. More so then the last few installments.
I think MI2 happened in a strange otherverse.
Consistent? The quality has been up since 3. 1 had some cool ideas and scenes but was underwhelming, 2 was dumpster fire, 3 was fun and ever since it's been getting better and better.

I loved Rogue Nation. 
you made a good choice. felt like they showed the outcome to some of the clips from the previous trailer that weren't exactly spoilers, but now there's just a few less surprises for me in a movie I was already pumped to see.
It's funny, because its relatable.
Yeah 
Excited for their bathroom fight
I could watch Henry Cavill throw that haymaker on loop.
Cavill is so hench he can literally punch the air... *loudly*
I heard that they had to CGI in Cavill's moustache through the reshoots.
Is Ving in Ghost Protocol...?🤔
Vhing Rhames is the John Ratzenberger of Mission Impossible
Too bad on the poster he’s dressed like an ex-pat living in Cuba. 
He also helicopters, and motorcycles into other things.

I'm hyped.
I can watch Tom Cruise run and do parkour all day. 
Well if Ben Affleck can do it, why not Tom Cruise?
Easy. He's gonna run, and drive, and jump out of stuff better than him. Out-Cruise him.

(Personally, I reckon TC's gonna bow out with this one, and let Cavill replace him, so I don't think Hunt will win at all.)
Have you seen “The Man from U.N.C.L.E.”? I personally think he was great in that!
His moustache deserves a chance to properly shine and actually be seen.
Yeah he deserves a superhero role 
It's such a bummer bc he's great and can be a great Superman but those DC movies are just giving him NOTHING
Cavill would be perfect as the next James Bond. 
He his actual a decent humble human being that comes off as very accessible.

Hopefully this is the jump off for him to playing James Bond. Which IMO he be perfect for. 


I find thrillers have a ton of rewatchability, and the MI series are consistently great thrillers! It's crazy how they've switched directors and styles but maintained a standard of quality.
I see people dog the second one a lot, but I honestly thoroughly enjoy it every time I see it.  

I recognize it isn't a GREAT movie, but it's so fucking fun and stupid. :D
I dunno, man. Three (the one with Philip Seymour Hoffman) was pretty freaking good.
[deleted]
[deleted]
My BRAIN HAS FALLOUT.cjnevnfeevvDdw:
This is a truly ridiculous comment, but same 
I think you're actually thinking of LSD, but goddamn if I don't want some of that too. 
[deleted]
Infinity War and the next Avengers movie were filmed back-to-back, so Renner was probably shooting some of his Avengers 4 scenes fairly early. Just having him as part of the shoot would also help prevent it being spoiled that he wouldn't appear.
I would totally see an action movie featuring Henry Cavill and Tom Hardy (Bane) throwing power punches.
He is superman so..
I think he's a company man. So he will be Cruises adversary at some point, but not necessarily a bad guy
He's antagonist but not a villain 
Ghost Protocol will always be the best one for me.
That's when you know a trailer is good; I can't stand Imagine Dragons or that song on its own, but DAMN does it get me pumped in that trailer.

A fine example of using that band poorly is every Murder on the Orient Express trailer.
Ha, same. I'm just gonna go listen to the song on repeat for a bit.
*"There's another settlement that needs your help. I'll mark it on your map."*

Tom starts running.
Yes. I feel that it is one of the few genuinely good remaining action franchises as compared to Fast and Furious etc. Don’t really remember much about the older ones but the 2011 and 2015 MI films were awesome, so I’m expecting this to be pretty good as well. 
Oh man you're gonna love em, just the theme song alone makes the series iconic. 
I'd say the first one is the most 'spy' ish, if that makes sense, and my personal favourite. The second one was directed by John Woo so is bombastic and over the top, probably the worst in the series but still decent. Third one was a real surprise because it explores parts of Ethan Hunts private life and Phillip Seymour Hoffman is a brilliant villain.
The fourth and fifth are almost connected for the first time and the stunts just go up to EPIC scale.
They're just great fun. The directors that have been picked have always done a good job coming up with a slight spin on a familiar formula by mixing in really fast pacing, amazing stuntwork and action sequences and just enough 'spy' stuff to keep it interesting.
You should have a marathon, you'll love it. 
Yeah I think she's the perfect actress for the role. Love how they wrote her character too.
2 had some great set pieces at least.  I agree about 3 - it had its moments but it always felt like it had some issues keeping the tone consistent.  You had ultra serious parts like the opening and scenes with Phillip Seymour Hoffman, but still had the comedy and light hearted sections and it never truly felt like it fit together.  Almost felt like PSH actually put almost too much gravitas and menace into his role that the attempts at light heartedness really didn't gel well with the main villain.

I feel like they really found their groove with the 4th one which is pretty amazing when you consider it...
Which one was 2? What was wrong with it?
The third movie is much better. And the fourth and fifth are even better.
2nd is universally seen as the worst of the bunch, and they really do get better and better, as many have mentioned here. 3rd one took it to a much higher level, and after that they have just been adding great action to the story, without falling into the fast and furious pit.
*25 million dollar
It hurts me as a Supes fan lol
It's for when people are scrolling past it on Twitter, or when the ad for the trailer plays before other videos. The studio has 5 seconds to grab the viewer before the "Skip ad" button becomes active. So they add in 5-10 seconds of the "Good stuff" so the viewer stays around for the full trailer.
It's for youtube ads, They are designed to make people go "those 5 seconds looked pretty cool, I'm not gonna skip this ad"

I mean, I’d watch it.
Cruise actually did the stunt himself, and it was a real infected tornado.

Benji, hack into that tornado NOW or we're all dead!
*Removes perfect rubber mask to reveal Benji was actually Tom Cruise this whole time*
> so he can jump onto the wing of the plane Benji was flying

"Ooooooh Ethan, what are you doing now!?" - Benji
"Nano-dote" is the bullet that killed me.
Mission: Impossible - Maelstorm? Like a play on Maelstrom and Storm? Or does it just sound like a Mail Storm? Like, a storm of undelivered letters. Maybe I'm over thinking this. Maybe I'm avoiding work. I'm definitely avoiding work.
The real trailer is always in the comments.
Has MI gone into space yet? I'm a few movies out of the loop.  If Fast and Furious doesn't meme itself into space, MI should.
Also rules 1 and 2. 
instructions unclear: got abs and bulging biceps 
He’s like Don Draper’s son who grew up wealthy, educated, and worldly.
Don't forget the important part.

Are you genetically gifted?

Edit: For the record, I was mostly joking. Anyone can improve themselves immensely by doing the above things. I just have a huge man crush on Henry Cavill and whatever his Dad mixed with his Mom years ago worked very well for him :)
And sleep 10 hours a night
Are you over 6' tall, at least?

Do you have a good hairline?

Do you have a well-defined, strong jaw?

Do you have great facial bone structure?
Also, do you mustache?
> Do you workout?

> Do you dress well?

> Do you eat healthy?

Began doing (or restarting) these things again in January. 

They work. 

For all those saying there’s not enough time: there are 168 hours in the week. I work out 4 x 75m (45 min high intensity weights, 30 sec rest; 20 min of 30 second on/off high intensity training that makes me close to puking). 

BF% has dropped from 23.8% to 14.4% and dropping and that was 5 weeks ago, probably lower now (I really, really hate almost drowning just to get my BF% checked; you’re literally at the bottom of a 4-foot pool/tub and holding onto a metal rack and instructed to only let go when you “absolutely have to”). 

4 workouts x 1hr 15m, which is 2.9% of the week.

But I went super extreme and don’t do moderation. I was a collegiate football player then went beyond letting myself go — I treated my body like I was trying to gain weight for a movie role. Went from 9-ish BF% to 24% in a few years. Dropped bench from 355 max to not being able to bench 155. Now back to 235 in 4+ months. Slowly but surely. 

Also, people keep asking me if I bought new clothes; no, I’m 1) fitting into my clothes better (smaller waist, bigger limbs, and rolling up sleeves because I have forearms again) and 2) I’m wearing my old clothes that I got too fat for. 

Eating healthier, though, takes more affirmative effort but less passive effort (as easy as just saying no) and costs more. 

**TLDR — Just fucking do it. 168 hours in a week. We all have time. Devote even 5 hours, that’s less than 3% of your week, which is more than you spend in the bathroom. Even parents can fit 2 sessions of HIIT a week, where a French study showed that merely 20-second high intensity (100% effort) cycling in just 3-4 intervals with 30 second breaks — or about 5-7 minutes twice a week — increased VO2 max, cardiovascular efficiency, and body fat loss more than those who did 1-hr steady cycling 4x a week**
Best part of the trailer 
So by that logic, he's going by the book?
That's his secret, he's always going rogue 
His hair went rogue in the 2nd one though. That's got to count for something. 
The secret mission was to pretend to be rogue though lol
Mission Impossible : Rogue is the new Black. 
Yes in 4 Ethan feigned going rogue but really he was following orders from the Secretary. Except the agency he worked for was supposedly dissolved for going rogue so I don't know if he can appear to go rogue from an apparently non-existent entity, while secretly staying loyal to his nation? Or did he pretend to go rogue from his nation? Not the Rogue Nation, that's in 5.
Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones immediately springs to mind for me. 
Possibly Stallone as Rocky / Rambo
bruce willis in die hard?
There's a clip of Cavill on like times square in front of a building sized advert for either man of steel or bvs and practically no one seemed to notice.
When you call Henry cavill as Henry it sounds really weird, somehow I dont expect a Henry to look like him.
Had a buddy who gave private tours of Disney World and had Tom Cruise as a client one day. He said it was the most insane thing. One person would see him and in seconds a suffocating crowd would form and people would be screaming and running at him. Said it felt like a zombie attack. Cruise would just smile and sign autographs and try to make a graceful exit. He was apparently extremely nice, remembered everyone’s name, gave awesome tips. Made me feel kind of bad for the guy. 
This was a really awesome portion of Collateral's behind the scenes special feature. Tom can blend if he wants to, but it would definitely be exhausting. I was in Iceland shortly after his breakup with Katie Holmes, and it seemed like everyone in Reykjavik wanted to share this personal story of watching their marital meltdown publicly unfold. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bd4XkV5ojT8
Henry Cavill has been actively practicing anonymity by starring in the DCU films though
But he was wearing glasses!
>Somewhere in some secluded castle

>Poor Tom Cruise sits staring at the wall.

>And the outside world is always such a hassle

>Sometimes he won't go out at all.

>There are millions who know his name

>Everybody loves him

>Why is it that he feels so alone?

>Tom Cruise is Tom Cruise crazy,

>Just be glad it's him not you.

>If you had Tom Cruise's troubles

>You might be Tom Cruise crazy too.

>You'd flash your big white shiny smile

>You'd buy expensive shoes...

>But you'd be the only man on Earth

>Who couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise

>Oh no, you couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise...
Cavill level famous but with a cruise sized bank account. 
So basically The Man From U.N.C.L.E. 2: Cruise Bogaloo 
I think they team up first and then battle later.


agree with you on this one.  I think they initially start on the same side being told to work together by their bosses at IMF and the CIA.  Hunt goes rogue for some varying reason, so Walker and Faust are forced to work against him / try and catch him while essentially also working towards the same end\-goal Hunt is.  Then 3rd act, they realize Hunt was right all along in what he was doing and team back up with him to stop whatever from happening.
They gotta bring back Maggie Q and Paula Patton at some stage.

More badass ladies!
...and they're bringing back women from previous movies!  It was always a gripe with me and this series.  He'll have someone like a Maggie Q or Paula Patton or Thandie Newton and by the next they're gone and two were IMF agents.
Wait, McQuarrie is coming back for this one??
The dude prisoner in the truck? Yeah, that's Solomon Lane.

He's the leader of the Syndicate. We first see him in Rogue Nation when he kills the IMF agent in the record shop while Hunt is listening to the mission record from the Syndicate.
Simon Pshh hahaha
When I was a kid I was super excited for the first Mission: Impossible. Not sure why but I was. And I think it was Oprah who, in the run up to the release, had the original TV show's cast on to talk about their experience with the franchise and to talk about the new movie. 

I remember the guy who played Phelps was so *pissed* that his character was turned into a villain. Like seething with rage. So much so that 10 year old me literally said to my mom "no one should be that mad about a movie script."

That whole panel was actually super depressing. At one point an actress was talking about her husband dying and she'd sleep in the closet to be near his scent.

Anyway, I like these movies.
And without presenting an insanely ridiculous power creep like they do, for example, in the Fast and Furious.
They do Bond movies better than modern Bond movies, that’s the winning formula imo. 
I think a great merit in this has JJAbrams. MI3 took the series to quality levels, starting with the villain.

MI 1 and 2 look so cheesy and generic compared to 3
Yeah that's something I really loved about Ghost Protocol. My favorite was the whole scene with the eye lenses making screenshots of the nuclear codes. Unfortunately it seems like McQuarrie doesn't like including the gadgets.
Lol dude, that was only two films ago. You say they don't do it any more like they haven't done it since 1995. Wait and see, they might have stuff in this one. Plus i think it's good to not have cool tech in every movie, sometimes it gets a bit too much. 
MI2 was pretty bad. And MI3 wasn't as good as the others either.

By MI3 it looked like a series that was just plodding along. It wasn't until MI4 before the series got a renewed energy.
i sort of switched over to the "...has fallen" series being the continuation of the Die Hard franchise. "Olympus has fallen" was imo much more entertaining than AGDTDH
I mean, MI4* had worldwide nuclear war as the stakes so...
we all know that moment of hesitation right before you have to jump out of a 10 story window onto the neighboring building.
And because an entire office was looking at him in fearful confusion 
It is being used in the film and trailers too. [He also discussed it with Graham Norton here](https://youtu.be/lcf8QcWFNfA)
that scene looks fucking raw!

is it the editing? or the soundtrack?

I dont know why it looks so cool
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
this is the second bathroom fight for Cavill, and IMO, both looks great. Maybe DCEU should consider Superman fighting in bathroom for MoS 2
The bathroom fight looks similar to the one in True Lies:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVEzoQzzd1I
That little flick of the arms Cavill does is so fucking cool.
Moustache Impossible
Cameo at the end. Rumors he was largely sidelined over a pay dispute. 


Fun fact, he learned how to solo pilot the copters, and runs so hard into things he breaks his ankle - it made the final cut, so you can watch him break bones on film!
So basically.. Ethan Hunt > Batman?
I did but unfortunately a lot of people didn’t, which is where the “actually be seen” part comes in. 
I saw that one and thought it was great, but for some reason most people thought it sucked. Why do people who aren't me have to be wrong about movies so often?
The million dollar moustache
What an underrated lad. Never seen him in anything whatsoever. When is he going to get his big break in a real blockbuster film?
It really is a guilty pleasure
I'm still on the band that Ghost Protocol is the best.
I’m of the opinion that 2 is the only bad one, and they’re otherwise all great
Such a good villain 
Unpopular opinion on this sub but I honestly think III is the worst one. It's so fucking bland. If not for PSH no one would talk about it. Such Vanilla filmmaking. It's the black sheep of the franchise.
Scientology has helped keep him from aging. 
I'm convinced that Cruise came up with a list of crazy near-death stunts he wanted to perform off his bucket list, and gave them to the writers and said, "I want to do all of these," then made them write a movie around it.
He flew the helicopter himself as well.  
I love the one-two punch, so much power behind it
I don't think he has that big a role in the next Avengers. Look at Brolin, he's got a big role in both films and he still got to do Deadpool 2 and Secario 2.
Twist : Renner sports a mustache for Avengers 4. 
I think MI:3 shows how far JJ Abrams is come since that movie - his first one - in marrying real stakes and emotions with fun adventure, it is very rough around the edges in that regard.
It was directed by John Woo and it was pretty corny. A lot of backflipping on motorcycles and stuff like that and the soundtrack featured Limp Bizkit and Metallica when they were deep into that nu metal/alt rock phase (Load and Reload era). From what I remember, it was more like a shitty action film than a spy thriller.
Twice. In IMAX.
I'd even pay money
mission impossible: beer run
it’s 3am.  in arizona.  no more beer.
As part of his well-known action movie method acting preparation, he learned to treat and care for hundreds of baby tornadoes before moving on to adult tornado-wrangling.
I'm trying, but the weather systems are all in Russian!
[deleted]
"I'm docking!" - Ethan 
What were those again? "Be attractive" and what else?
That's probably from hitting lawyers a few times.
And started working out in diapers. 
Since we have no power over it, it doesn't matter. It matters, but it doesn't. 
I don't know.  I've pretty much looked like the opposite of Henry Cavill my whole life, but then started eating better and exercising and now I am in pretty good shape.  I obviously won't be as tall as him (unless I can do the procedure from Gattaca), but I can still look as beefy as him.
 The guy looks like a fucking house he's incredible.
A book called “Going Rogue”
Can confirm. 



Source: Have hair
And then his boss got shot in the head.  I can't imagine Ethan Hunt's superiors believing his version of events when he finally goes in for debriefing.

But if there's another MI movie, then that implies that Ethan Hunt did go to his superiors, was debriefed, they heard his ridiculous story, he must've filled out all of this paperwork, and they came to the conclusion that it all checks out and to put him back on the field.

That's why these movies are like 4-5 years apart, its occurring in real-time.
Oh yeah Indiana Jones probably takes the cake 
Which sort of feels like cheating since there's the massive gap between the first three and the fourth film whereas the Mission: Impossible franchise felt more continuous. Still counts
He has a generic handsome face that looks different in every movie

Heck I thought he was some no name Italian 40yr old dude when I first saw a teaser poster for MOS years ago replacing Brandon routh

Tom Cruise has a Tom Cruise face
Almost like he could throw on some glasses and hide in plain sight....    (superman joke)
That’s because Henrys that don’t look like Henrys are called Hank.
I saw kobe bryant at disney land and it was the same deal.  People just swarmed him.

It's like ...christ people keep your shit together.  I've never seen another human where I think to myself "i'm gonna run toward that person and scream"

edit: unless it's Gene Parmesean 
> running at him.

That's how he likes it
Have you ever seen the video of Jim Carry out in public?  Jesus, to be that famous.  No fucking thank you.

https://youtu.be/F9B3K-Vgvk8
Nice try, Scientologist spy...
Please make this movie as well. 
That's what it looks like. Cruise goes too rogue so Cavill has to stop him. Just hope that it doesn't turn out Cavill was secretly the main bad guy the whole time.
I think this is the most reasonable assumption.

I'd lose my shit if they team up because Cavill says "Martha" during the fight.
I really wish in one of these they would have a super team up with all of Hunt's previous teammates who are still living.
I'm just glad they seem to have found a consistent female lead alongside Tom Cruise. All previous MI female agents seemed to be a revolving door of eye candy for Hunt to kinda-flirt-with-but-not-really until they begrudgingly remember that he's supposed to have a wife.
Yeah exactly. Michelle Monaghan is back too!
They wanted Paula back for Rogue Nation, but she was busy shooting Warcraft. So, they went with a different story and a new character.
Oh my god, i didn't recognise him
The 90s everyone. 
That sounds like an amazing train wreck
> the guy who played Phelps

That's Peter Graves to you, bucko.
I mean, that's exactly why I love the FnF movies. I wont be satisfied till they naturally and seamlessly become a crossover with Pacific Rim and Transformers.
What, you don't like tanks jumping across bridges? Or cars Burj khalifa jumping for that matter
Let's be fair, MI:2 was fucking absurd.
Casino Royale and Skyfall were flawless spy films in my opinion 
Except for Casino Royale. That movie alone was better than all MI franchise. CR is a milestone of James Bond cinematography, the mark of a new era. All MI are same old same. Very good, highly entertaining, but same. 
You know I’d agree that two is a pretty weak link, but Mission Impossible is a legitimately great movie
1 was definitely not cheesy, it was a pretty slick, intelligent action fest
MI1 is my favourite one, I love the thriller/more serious tone it has and then MI2 went in the complete opposite direction with its campy John Woo'yness and i hated it.
Specially 2. The original was different but it’s a damn good thriller with action pieces.
[deleted]
Agree, I think Ghost Protocol was the best MI film of them all
>Plus i think it's good to not have cool tech in every movie, sometimes it gets a bit too much.

isn't it like a staple of Mission impossible movies the cool tech? i still remember the exploding cellphone after a message or the whole mask thing to look like someone else or the gloves to climb buildings
Nah, MI3 was great, it was just during the worst of the Tom Cruise controversy.
Low bar to be fair. 
[deleted]
London has fallen had an excellent one shot sequence.

It was campy but I fully expected it to be
That's the fourth one. The third one has that rabbit foot thing.
or the ground
Funny cause he actually broke his ankle doing this stunt 
Incredible that he just kept going to finish the shot.
Damn it... why does he have to have this Scientology blemish. Without that he would be perfect.
Something about the way Henry Cavill squares up like a boxer, and how he throws those hooks and body shots, that gets me hyped to see him in action. 
Editing, it doesn’t cut the punches so it feels more real and viceral. 
Meh Schwarzenegger already did the best bathroom fight scene ever in True Lies. Then he also tried to jump from one building to another and also almost died in the process.
They already tried, in BvS Batman beats up Superman with a bathroom sink
Definitely felt like a homage.    Also, it's a bit cut off but if you watch the scene closely, at 1:26, you can see the urinals are foam and watch it flex when Harry jams that dude into it.  
They're trying to find a place to eat and Luther suggests Arby's.  
Well of course
Oh gotcha. Yeah it didn’t do very well at all, which is sad because it was a ton of fun. Hammer was great too. Hope it gets a sequel but not holding my breath
I loved that he was pretty much live action Archer in that.
That's the name of the next Clint Eastwood directed movie.
King ‘Stache, was his actual name, before he sadly passed away.
I just watched the trailer and I honestly can't remember anything about that movie. I've seen it but it's a total blank in my mind. All I remember from it is him climbing the outside of that tower in Dubai in order to get to a server room or something and a chase scene in a sandstorm. Doesn't he escape from a Russian prison in the beginning of that one?
Oh yes, 1 and 4 for me.
It’s Rogue Nation, MI3, MI1, Ghost Protocol, MI2 for me. Pumped for Fallout
2 is adorable schlock. The overly dramatic music by Hans Zimmer or the really stupid action scenes like the one with Cruise kicking a gun out of the sand into his hand - I just can't hate it. I know it's bad but I just can't.
He's why number 3 is my favorite. It's the most memorable, hugely because of PSH's acting.
I mean, it's gonna be called Avengers 4: Hawkguy's Revenge so it's a good chance Renner will have a big part to play.
Speaking of Brolin, goddamn that dude is gonna have a hell of a summer with Avengers, Deadpool and Sicario lol
But it did give us Tom Crooze - https://youtu.be/tx8Atds3HXA
I hear if you watch it in IMAX you can pinpoint the exact scene where Cruise fractured his spinal cord in real life.
"It's not possible!"

"No. It's necessary."
**Hans Zimmer raises hands*
Don't be unattractive.
It’s amazing how entire communities are developed around the idea that collectively, the whole group is jealous of something that’s completely out of anyone’s control. It’s maddening. 
He was a WoW layer whose nickname in school was fat Cavill.

You got this.

He should name his first born Rogue One.
[You know nothing about hair.](https://i.pinimg.com/236x/ab/3c/36/ab3c3658b8d7bdcf2e3b3067298a19b8--adventure-movies-mission-impossible.jpg)
Stallone has played Rocky from 1976-2018.
He’s in one of my favorite movies as a kid- The Count of Monte Cristo. 
You really didn't have to explain that joke...
Or just another man from uncle movie because it deserves a sequel so badly but probably won’t happen :(
It'll most likely turn out that Cruise and Cavill's mothers have the same name.
Who the hell is bucko?!?
FnF is such a guilty pleasure for me. I can't wait until they're in space.
You know dom’s gonna have a drag race on mars against the leader of an alien army right? He lives life one quarter light year at a time
See that's why I'm one of the few people that actually enjoyed the first two or three and then not the rest.

Especially the first. I loved the whole urban gang feel of Dom and his crew when it was fairly down to earth
But then it quickly became this completely different thing 
Forget the cars, all the characters seem to be superhuman, with The Rock curling a 600kg concrete bench and putting a dent in a shipping container with a punch, and the others becoming super assassins when they were all originally just car thieves. 
It was but 14 year old me was definitely entertained in the theater.. With all of those face masks you never knew who anyone was 
Skyfall was so fucking good, but Spectre so disappointing compared to its predecessor : \
Casino Royale yeah. Skyfall took me right out of the movie with the bad guy plan making barely any sense. Not uncommon for spy movies, but this was a bit too much for my taste. 
**Skyfall** was far from flawless... Silvia's plan was ridiculous.

Remember: his only goal is to **tell M how angry he is at her, and to kill her.**  That's it.  So to accomplish this, he decides to...

1)    Scare an entire population into deserting their island home, then turn it into a largely unfurnished and very roomy base.


2)    Hire an assassin to steal a list of all undercover NATO agents and blow their covers, so they will be killed. This will get M in trouble with her government overseers.


3)    Blow up M’s office to further get her attention, and put her career further in jeopardy.


4)    Fly assassin to Shanghai to kill person (and then be killed) as an elaborate way to get Bond to have a meet-cute with Silva’s sex-slave-cum-personal-assistant Sévérine. She will eventually lead Bond to Silva’s techno-island, where he will be captured.


5)    Kill Sévérine, but then be seized by MI6 … on purpose!


6)    Get put in a glass cell, have M brought to him so he can make sure he has a quiet spot to explain his everlasting grudge and highlight his dental work.


7)    Have Q attempt to decrypt his Trojan horse of a "master plan," which will release a virus that shuts down power and allows Silva to escape.


8)    Know that when this happens, Bond will come after him: Find the exact spot where Bond will catch up, and at that exact second, arrange for a subway train to fall on his head.

9)    Dress up like a policeman. (You’re nearly there!)


10)   Only then, after all of these boxes have been ticked off — a process that likely took months and billions of dollars — will the pieces be in place for Silva to administer the coup de grace: Barge into a crowded courtroom and shoot up the place, hoping to nail M.

If you’re the kind of bad guy who can predict fourteen steps ahead as to what James Bond, all of MI6, a former sex slave, a couple of aggressive, man-eating lizards, and an entire island of incredibly gullible people would do, and then account for it with pinpoint accuracy, would you not look at the whole “storm into a crowded Parliamentary hearing and start shooting” idea and think, “Hmm, there are an awful lot of unknown variables here.” 

If you’re gonna go low tech, why not skip all the assassin/thief/train-fighter subcontracting and just kidnap M, air your grievances, and then kill her?

Okay, so maybe the island aspect of the plan is just too good to give up: Fine, kidnap M, bring her to the island, show off your media room and then shoot her. 

There is nothing inherently wrong with Silva having a complicated master plan, but it  would have been nice if it relied less on coincidence and been in service of a bigger finish: It doesn’t have to be a laser to the crotch, just something that warranted all that groundwork.
And yet Rogue Nation did Spectre better than Spectre.
Yeah 2 is the only weak link in the series. MI:1 is a classic. 
The problem with the original is only when you see it as part of the series. See it as a stand alone spy movie and it's incredible, imo. 
I don't think MI:2 is nearly as bad as people claim it to be. I'd rate it as the worst film in the series, yes, but definitely not "bad". 

I honestly don't think it's bad at all. The style of directing in certain scenes doesn't really fit the series as a whole, but other than that, the movie has some great moments which makes it just as memorable as the others. And the soundtrack is *epic*.
Mission Impossible is a fantastic movie, but no longer fits in the series it spawned. So if someone is judging the movies by how well they execute the "Mission Impossible formula", yeah it's not the best, it's much slower paced, the stakes seem lower, etc...

But that's only in that lens. As a movie in and of itself, I think Mission Impossible is one of the best spy movies ever. 
One is a superb film, just a different feel from the others.

Two has its moments, but is pretty bad much of the time.

All the others are great, and this one looks to continue the streak. 
It was when Mission Impossible was more than just an action flick. It had more mystery and espionage than it did action, but both were amazing when they were on screen. I really wish it would return to that format and ease up on the action a bit, but oh well 
Rogue Nation is my favourite - it’s just the perfect mix of the best elements of MI, MI3 and Ghost Protocol
As much as it was parodied to death, the CIA vault hacking scene in 1 was tense as hell.
Was Ghost Protocol the one where he had to hold breath for certain time? I remember trying to hold my breath also during that time since it was pretty realistic time.
The exploding devices and the mask reveals still happen. But at this point, I'd hardly call them cool tech since they're just standard things now.

The gloves were admittedly new, but I feel like MI4 was the closest thing to James Bond. The story, the way it was made, the clean suits, the lavish sets in Dubai and India. It felt like a mix of Octopussy and Casino Royale with just the right amount of Mission Impossible.

The Mission Impossible series when it comes to tech, other than the face masks has generally been more grounded than James Bond.
I hated it compared to Olympus Has Fallen, but I was in awe at that one shot sequence. It had everything right even to the point where you're amazed its still going.
Yup you're right, just a typo. Will fix.
Which was a pretty on-the-nose reference to a mcguffin. 
Aim for the bushes? 
Yeah, I saw the BTS in slomo and wish I hadn’t.
The guy literally hangs off of planes for these movies. A broken ankle is probably nothing to him. That's why he's beating up superman in this one.
Makes me think of a video with Travis Pastrana trying out some wild trick, he fells and breaks his foot/ankle and he gets up and says something along the lines of "all right let's try this again quickly before the adrenaline wears off !" 
I think in real life he'd absolutely ruin Cruise. Cruise would stand a chance because he's been doing this longer and probably knows how to absorb pain. It'd be like a Rocky v Drago moment. 
He's a white belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Roger Gracie, plus other movie training, I'm sure he knows the basics of combat. 
it feels like there’s huge weight to his punches
And Cavill fucking looks like the mountain in that scene, the guy is ripped as hell.
the good ol' Jackie Chan technique 
isn't that what they're talking about?
Richie isn't in a good place right now box office wise coming off of both The Man from U.N.C.L.E and King Arthur so i'm really hoping Aladdin will be a success both critically and financially, because maybe with some proof of financial success (pretty much guaranteed anyway) alongside solid critical appraisal may make Warner Brothers consider sequels for those two films.

I really liked how both movies ended and was looking forward to seeing what else he could bring to their respective worlds. Richie's style is so unique and his movies are always entertaining to watch.
He'll actually cast Cavill's mustache even if it doesn't have any acting experience.
yeah escapes the prison sneaks into the Kremlin where after it blows up. Jeremy Renner's character and him survive an ambush while driving. they sneak onto the last train with equipment. go to Dubai, sand chase. deal happens with arms dealer. go to Mumbai and steal location for satellite from famous Indian person, chase Russian dude into giant car structure where he ends up killing himself thinking he's going to win.
Reception\-wise, it certainly got the highest reviews. It had amazing set\-pieces \(the Burj Khalifa and the Russia sequence mainly\), but the villain was kinda... not good... and the climax was a tad too ridiculous for my tastes. 

Rogue Nation is my favorite. The opera scene is fantastic. 
Two dudes jumping motorcycles at each other to hug in mid air, doves flying everywhere in slomo, that Gladiator-style music howling in every scene. It's fabulous.
What's your nameeee,  do you have a wuuife or ghuurlfriend, because I'm going to find hurrr, and I'ma hurt her, I'm gonna hurt hurr real bad.   He's the reason I love that movie but I always think he sounds like Louie Anderson in some of his scenes
It's fantastic because just imagine Tom Cruise is talking in third person and everything he says is applicable to what people think of him now.

"They think of him as, um, eccentric. A little, uh, weird. Some of the people find him, uh, as a little frightening." You called it, Tom.
One more take
Fyi, spinal cords are nerve tissue, so they can't fracture. You can sever a spinal cord. Vertebrae are the bones surrounding the spinal cord, and they can fracture. They can rupture too. 

But spinal cords don't fracture.
Mission Impossible is now Mission Necessary
Ah shit.
Cavill even missed the call from Zack Snyder for the Superman role because he was busy playing WoW
https://youtu.be/wmfFT2iORVg?t=1m31s
And his children will be collectively known as "Rogue Squadron." 
Good lord...I take it back
[deleted]
*Whispers of Metallica heard in the far distance*
Fair point. 
Also Rambo
>of feels like cheating since there's the massive gap between the first three and the fourth film whereas the Mission

While true, he wasn't really the leading man from Creed onwards. It's more like 1976 to 2006 \(or whenever Rocky came out\). 30 years is still pretty damn impressive. 
I was prepared to call you out and say "No no that was Jim Caviezel" but i looked it up and i'll be damned, Cavill was in that
WHAAAAT!? He was Albert?
Completely unrecognizable in that movie. Kinda like Zac Efron in Firefly (the show). 
That was such an enjoyable film!
“Why did you say Gertrude?!”
F&F9: Orbital Drift
Meanwhile Roman is still the bumbling idiot with insane plot armor.
Yeah.. car thieves that could barely steal some dvds players.. and now they’re doing crazy things like putting down the cartels and working alongside a federal agency to bring down some bad guys bc the agency can’t do it themselves 
That's why I only like the first one. Maybe the second.
I liked when they were normal people racing cars 
In the same year Spectre was out\-Bonded by both MI and Man from UNCLE.

Sadly Man from UNCLE didn't do well for... reasons?
The next Bond movie should be good. For whatever reason, the series continues to bounce back and forth between quality. Casino was great, Quantum sucked, Skyfall was great, Spectre sucked, so this old tradition will likely continue if we're lucky and they'll send Craig off the right way. 
Spectre was such a disappointment. Craig looked like he was sick of the franchise and was just phoning it in.
Skyfall was good but if you pick apart the plot it doesn’t really hold up. Spectre was pretty awful. 
MI movies have been made since 1996. That’s impressive. 
Skyfall was all about revenge. For once, no "conquer the world" bullshit. Strictly personal
You are correct, Skyfall is a beautifully shot film with just a shithouse plot.
You forgot how Silva has Bond shot by the assassin (but not killed) so Bond can later trace that bullet back to that assassin in Shanghai months later.
That scene where he is hanging from the ceiling is pretty commonly parodied but is seriously a great scene. 
I remember seeing it in theatres as a kid, just absolutely blew my mind.  I recognized Estevez from Mighty Ducks and had to watch his eyeball get skewered ..
Watching MI2 at the cinema was a hell of an experience. I only discovered a few years back that people dislike it. It’s almost a cult movie now but that soundtrack is sooo good.
Totally agree. 

I love John Woo, but MI2 is still my least favourite in the series. Having said that, it’s still highly enjoyable and watchable. It’s just the rest of the movies in the series have ranged from “Good” to “Flat out brilliant”.

That list of directors though: Brian DePalma, John Woo, J J Abrams, Brad Bird and Chris McQuarrie?! That’s pretty impressive for a mainstream action movie franchise
How do people not like it? I remember when it came out I friggin loved it
Pretty sure Tom Cruise never even fires a gun in the first movie.
It really is a great movie. That opera scene was just expertly done and I’m glad the same director is back. I think it’s a credit to cruise how the quality of these movies have turned out. I personally think they have surpassed the Bourne series now in quality.
That's the 5th one Rogue Nation and yes that scene is pretty good.
That was Rogue Nation. Apparently Cruise actually did hold his breath the whole time, but the viewer would never guess that since they use lots of cuts. 
That's Rogue Nation, my personal favorite. It's also the one with the badass bike chase.
GP had that climbing scene that makes my scrotum retract into my neck
*fistbumps*
[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNT-tPrz4OM). 
 Slo mo at 2:37

I think the most amazing part is that he learnd to pilot A FUCKING HELICOPTER...ALONE to do all the stunts for this movie cinematically. WTF.
He's like the white Jackie Chan. 
[deleted]
Cruise is resilient as hell but the physical shape Cavill is in plus his MMA background would demolish cruise.
Cruise has a scientology army to protect him 
There's ripped and there's jacked.

He's fucking jacked.
You know there's going to be a scene where Superman is kicking the shit out of Ethan Hunt, and Ethan whispers, "Martha..." and they become best buds.
Close, Chan would use well placed cuts to enhance the punches. 
He also had a fight in a bathroom in The Man From UNCLE.
I love how Ritchie interjects bits of reality and practicality into his absurd romps.  Take the scene in U.N.C.L.E. where Cavill's been drugged and he realizes it.  Every other movie has him collapse onto a table or go down swinging.  But Ritchie has him calmly roll up his coat for a pillow and lie down.  He can't fight it, so he may as well avoid the bruises. 
I hope so too, because I need another Sherlock Holmes.  I'd love another Man from  UNCLE too (plus I just want more Armie Hammer all of the time).
Oh yeah. I remember that car structure thing too. Also, there's that scene where Renner is in a vent and there's an RC car with magnets in it that's guiding him along inside the vent because he can't touch anything, right?

Jesus Christ. I just looked it up and that movie came out nearly seven years ago. No wonder I can't remember any of it. I didn't think it was that long ago.
Don't forget that sweet Limp Bizkit opening theme. 
nerd.

Just kidding, thanks for the correction.
He clearly couldn’t have been out of shape though to get the part. So you can, or at least he could, still veg out to gaming so long as it’s balances out with the other necessities to look like Superman. 
[deleted]
Those sunglasses
I know I'm old because 18 year old style still looks cool to me.
And 4th blood is set to start shooting any day now...
Stallone is a fucking machine..
[deleted]
"Yo Toretto, meet me on Jupiter!"

"Not if I get there first"

*revs Dodge Space Shuttle to 9,000 RPM*

"Are you out of your mind Dom!?"

"No...I'm out of this world"

*New hit Reggaeton song plays. Credits roll*

Obligatory: "This is my family" since every character says "family" about 10 times each movie.
I love the part in the last one where he just gets off the snowmobile and caps five guys all traveling at high speed on their snowmobiles with a pistol and then makes a quip about not being on the top ten most wanted list. When did he become John Wick? 


Honestly I think it was poor marketing? The movie was an absolute blast, but I did not expect much from it since it had such an odd name. But yea absolute great film
> In the same year Spectre was out-Bonded by both MI and Man from UNCLE.

and by Kingsman.
Probably a good thing? If so, Henry Cavill probably wouldn't be in this one. Maybe after his turn in this film, the studio will make another Man From Uncle?
Its weird title also played a part I think
in retrospect Quantum is much better than you remember. some great set pieces and dialogue. weak ending. 
I would say Bond reviews are dependent on the expectations set by the previous one.

Casino Royale was a masterpiece, but it's easy to make a good impression off Die Another Day.

Quantum was plagued by the Writer's Strike, but ultimately stands up far better than its reviews would suggest.

Critics considered QoS a PoS and when Skyfall came in and was decent, many lauded it as the best of the franchise.  Skyfall might be the most overrated of the series as a result.

And after the great reviews and subsequent high expectations, the flawed Spectre was ransacked by critics even though it's only a few steps below Skyfall and repeats many of its same mistakes (albeit with a lot less polish and cohesion).

The next one will certainly be well-reviewed.
You can't blame Craig for Spectre, man was still the best part about it.
That's exactly right. Silva was what Bond could become given the right circumstances. He was even sympathetic in that he clearly still loved M, but felt completely betrayed by her. 
It’s amazing and you know what they say. imitation is the sincerest form of flattery
Quack? 
I know why you wanna hate me
I love MI2 and it’s still my least favourite of the series. This has to be the most consistently great franchise going, it’s surpassed Bond.
Yeah, I remember it being really popular when it came out. It was released around the same time as *The Matrix*, so that kind of absurdly over-the-top, 'hyper-stylised' Hong Kong inspired action was seen as the emerging trend in action movies.
[deleted]
Oh yeah that's the one. Had MI marathon couple months back so it's hard to remember which one was which.
Holy shit he held his breath for 6 and half minutes at best. That is insane! [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDaUWl_kaWE)
well they went to great efforts to do it in one shot....but then they crosscut with the other action set-piece which kind of defeated the entire point of Cruise and Elswit doing it that way.
*There goes my hero!*
Simon Pegg: “That’s SO him”.
That's some serious dedication. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VS38hq11APQ
TOM CRUISE IS 55???
Henry was 220ish pounds for Superman, looks the same here. 

I would let him gay me..no homo
What’s his MMA background?
Pretty sure there's a video on YouTube of Jackie saying the exact opposite. That cutting away from the hits is an American style of film, which he hates, and that when he directs his scenes in his movies, he's careful to not make the same mistake.
time to rewatch it. thanks for reminding me!
Sherlock Holmes 3 just got confirmed.
Now I know why you wanna hate me! 
Nah, this is Hollywood the land of a million personal trainers, physique is the last item on the list. First you gotta have the "look" and Cavill's had that chiseled jawline since The Tudors. 
Ahhhhh, I need to rewatch it. Man, Guy Pierce was such a dick. 
Forget the name. The trailers made it look like a bland movie with no interesting hook. Who is willing to pay to go see that?
Yeah and Kingsmen was pretty awesome
...and Spy
Yeah, MI was a better Craig movie, Man from UNCLE was a better Connery movie, and Kingsman was a better Moore movie.
It feels much better if you just treat it as the third act of casino royale.
I’m still miffed they didn’t take the fan theory route that James Bond is a code name just like 007 and have Silva been the previous Bond. They had the perfect set up for it and it would’ve given an in universe reason for all the different Bonds we’ve had and allow the series to reboot at will whenever Craig retired.
Yeah they could’ve done a split screen at least. Bit disappointed that wasn’t shown all in one take.
*Watch him as he goes!*
*Watch him as he goes!*
[deleted]
He starred in Top Gun in 1986, and that wasn't even his first movie.
he stood in front of an MMA poster once, absorbed its power
[deleted]
CUZ HATE IS ALL THE WORLD HAS EVEN SEEN LATELY!!!

DUN DUN DUHDAH 
Yeah, I don't get why people pretend like working out somehow changes your bone structure. Henry Cavill wouldn't be Superman if he had a different face and lacked key facial features that people expect in Superman.
Maybe I'm misremembering, but wasn't it a very conventional spy movie with few crazy subversions or genre twists? It was just very well done. Like really good bread, no restaurant advertises their bread, but if it's good, people will talk about it. 
then the second comes out and they kill roxy...
What if he’s Xenu?
That's a literal MMA background.

Brilliant.
True. I poorly worded that. He's not against cuts, he's just against the way many American films cut
Eh, I hear they can CGI-fix your face for an entire movie and there will be no problem whatsoever. 
Olive Garden advertises endless breadsticks
I’m still confused by the second one. The first Kingsman was an absolute blast and blended dark comedy with a more serious tone that played off bond movies. The second one just seemed to go full on parody and almost every scene was undercut with a joke. The tone completely changed in the second one for me which is why I didn’t enjoy it as much as the first.
