I'm guessing they went with "8" so they could squeeze in two sequels without overlapping with Ocean's 11.
The final scene will be Sandra Bullock at Central Park and then Danny Ocean (her supposedly dead brother, but we all know he isn't) and he'll come up to her and say:

"I'm here to talk about the Oceans Initiative"
When you think about it, it’s crazy that it took so long for Cate Blanchett to conspire against Anne Hathaway in a movie. 
The only thing I took away from this is that someone named herself Awkwafina.
Is David Holmes involved with the music again? He was a huge reason i loved the previous films in the series.
Seems okay, but did James Corden really need to be in this?
The movie better end with them realizing the necklace is unsellable. A slight callback to the Sinatra film.
i'm loving Sandra Bullock's full blow-out, contoured make up and smokey eyes while in prison... where did she get sent? Anastacia Beverly Hills Institute for Wayward Ladies?
hey Gary Ross, there’s still more than enough time to replace James Corden with Christopher Plummer. 
Honestly I don't care if it's an all female cast or not. I'm a sucker for good heist movies. As long as the heist isn't straight up ridiculously over the top. I love watching heist films. This one looks good fun. The robbery aspect is what made me watch Hell or High water which was definitely not what I expected.
This looks fun.

Based off these 2 minutes, I feel like Cate Blanchett works better as the main character than Bullock though.
Sandra is miscast as the team leader, she's not suave enough.
Cate should have been the one leading the team.
[deleted]
Boy i bet the Youtube comments will be a fun read.  /s
Seems charming and decent but looks like it could do perfectly fine without needing to be attached to the Ocean's franchise. Soderbergh's not even directing it!

I'm all for female ensemble films, but would prefer exciting new properties instead of trying to ride the crashing waves of franchises famous for their male ensembles.


This doesn't look that bad actually? If they nail the chemistry this might be really fun
"dont do a job within a job"

the double twist is anne hathaway was in on it the entire time, the job is only that revenge thing, there was only one job.

or something. idk.
I am very excited to see this, because Ocean's 

[but i still have to go with Mulaney on this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eb_4sm8JgSg)

Sarah Paulson looks like some weird mix between Emily Blunt and Kristen Wiig. 
What do they steal? $100 million from the studio?
Well that looks fun as hell and what a cast. Hope they have the same chemistry as the original Eleven crew and the movie has the same kinetic energy. Very excited for this. Let's steal some jewels!
This looks great. I'm excited to see it.
Looks just fine, nothing terribly special or anything. Nothing cool enough to really make me want to go see it though. 
It looks good, great cast except for Corden of course.
kinda big shoes to fill but I'll watch
It looks fun. 
I hope James Corden is barely in it. 
Rihanna seems to be trying something different which is scary.....
I'm in.  This looks fun as hell.  And it doesn't look like they're going with a "I'm an independent woman super-feminism" angle.  It's just 8 people that happen to be women trying to rob people.  I liked the characters the introduced.  I'll be seeing this.
Casting Bullock and Blanchett as the Clooney and Pitt stand-ins is a very alluring piece of casting. I kind of thought Hathaway would wind up the Matt Damon of the group though (or the Vincent Cassell in an ideal world).
[deleted]
I am excited for this cast. It looks like it would be a fun caper. 
This looks pretty alright, hopefully it just a fun and cool movie, and that is literally all I want out of this. I don't need it to be amazing, I don't it to have some sort of important themes, I just want a fun heist film where a bunch of characters come together to steal some jewels. 
Bout time for some of that good old heist film. I love a heist film it's so fun!
Doesn't look as smooth or have the same charisma/charm as Ocean's 11, but still looks pretty good.  TBF though, I don't think anyone can match the sheer cool in the exchanges between Clooney and Pitt
Please let this be good, I am the fan of Ocean Trilogy 
This movie just looks bad. Am I saying that because it's an all-female cast? No. I think that's a stupid gimmick (and yes, it is a gimmick, they could've just as easily done some mix of actors and actresses,) but I think with a good enough script, it could definitely be pulled off. Overall, it just looks very bland, unoriginal, and boring. I think it's stupid that some will make disliking this movie out to be a sexism issue, because honestly, it just looks bad. It would look bad with men, but instead, it looks bad with women. I don't know who thought this would be a good idea.
This looks fun, and I feel like the cast really enjoyed themselves and had really good time when they worked on this.

That being said I am not sure about Anne Hathaway's character, whether she is part of the crew or not.


Hopefully they don't really frame Danny Oceans as being dead without some sort of cameo or alluding that he's alive. 

It would be an unnecessary kick in the balls that would make people hate an otherwise potentially good heist movie.
Way better than I expected. Really looking forward to this. 

Fucking love a good heist film. 
[John Mulaney in 2012](https://youtu.be/Eb_4sm8JgSg)

"Like Ocean's 11, but with women, wouldn't work. Because 2 would keep breaking off to talk shit about the other 9. Or not even talk shit, just say weird passive aggressive things while they break into the casino. They'll just be like 'aww, I love how you just wear anything'..."
I would love to see a new Sex And The City starring Sandler, Chris Rock,  Kevin James and Rob Schneider. XD
What is this new thing with putting a random 5 seconds at the end of trailers?? It adds nothing.
This new fad of remaking movies with all female casts is so strange to me. It feels like way too much of a rebound reaction
the definition of meh 
I dig it
It will be interesting to see how this is marketed.   Are they going to market it towards women?  Women will go see a “guy movie” but guys generally don’t go to “chick flicks” (hence the death of the romantic comedy)   I bet they looked at the numbers for Atomic Blonde, Ghostbusters and other female lead films lately and are a bit worried.  
This looks like a lot of fun I’m cautiously excited for this
Looks alright, I just don’t know if you can ever top he chemistry between Clooney, Pitt, and Damon, not to mention Bernie Mac and the two guys (I think one was Casey affleck) and a good bad guy. I think robbing a blue blood Vegas casino kinda added some magic to it, but robbing a fashion show doesn’t seem that great. I hope I’m wrong, because heist movies are my favorite, but I’m not losing any sleep waiting for this movie to come out.
[deleted]
I think Danny is dead. I also think that as much as people believe that it’s going 8, 9, 10. I think they are going to have an oceans 7 where some of the old crew team up with Sandra Bullock and cate blanchett and something goes south leading to Danny dying. Hence why the trailer starts with sister ocean leaving prison and the aforementioned heist they previously participated in. There’s also some revenge plot in here.

The tomb below danny ocean almost looks like it says Livingston but I can’t make it out.
That actually looks good
Bingo 
Who are the 8? It looks like Anne Hathaway is who they're stealing from, right? Or at least it looks like she's not a part of the group, which gives you Sandra, Cate, Paulson, Bonham-Carter, Kaling, Rhianna, and Waterbottle girl, making seven.
A german show host said it‘s because they couldn‘t find 11 good actresses
I thought they went with 8 because sideways it looks like boobs.  
Yep.
Ocean's Prequels?
Oceans Ossemble
[deleted]
*"So thas it? What? We some kinda...Ocean's Eight?"*
She makes two martinis. They frame the shot that she is mourning his passing. But then Danny comes in, picks up the Martini, says thank you. She says you're welcome. They talk, and it is revealed that she knew he was alive the whole time. It was Danny that planned it.
[deleted]
You think you're the only cat burglar in the universe?
Can someone remind me when Danny faked his own death?
Help me out here. Why do you say that?
Isn’t she on Bojack? Sextina Aquafina? 
Reminds me of the dumb names in Idiocracy like the news anchor Velveeta.
she had a main cast part in Neighbors II. one of the sorority girls I believe
She's a comedian so it kind of goes with the shtick.
Is was either that or Desahni. 
She made it big with her [answer back](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z726OPwCnjE) to [My Dick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNgWQfOd-1M) by Mickey Avalon.  She's been in the underground Hip-Hop scene for a while and toured with Dumbfounded.  I met her when she came to Hawaii and she's the fuckin' tits.  Super humble and down to Earth.
The music in Ocean's 12 was unbelievable. Even though some people rate the movie lower than 11 and 13 in general (especially because it's not vegas), the music was absolutely on point. 
Nicholas Britell this time. He did the music for The Big Short and got an Oscar nom for Moonlight last year. 
Nothing will ever beat the waterfountain scene in Ocean’s 11.
[Best song of the original movie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X9VzrCxO_g)
No, bring back Eddie Izzard, it would seem he already knows the Ocean family and would make a great, yet subtle, tie in with the other films. 
Does James Corden need to be in anything!? 
As far as I can tell he's replaced Eddie Izzard as the slightly eccentric English guy in a lot of films
He can walk the line between being actually pretty funny (his guest roles in Doctor Who, Gavin & Stacey) and insufferable (everything else)
We'll see how insufferable he is. I liked him in *Into the Woods* so hopefully when he's not writing his own material he does fine.
How dare you speak ill of the father of Stormageddon, Dark Lord of ALL!! STORMAGEDDON SHALL SMITE YOU!!!!!!
Hahaha. I love how I’m seeing that this is the general consensus on James Corden everywhere.
> Seems okay, but did ~~James Corden~~ Rhianna really need to be in this?


I agree, like who is gunna fence a 150 million dollar necklace that was just stolen on live TV from a celebrity. 
I would LOVE to go to the ABH Institute for Wayward Ladies if I ever go to prison lol
You're acting like male actors don't look perfect in prison scenes.
When did everyone start hating James Corden? Just curious 
You joke but that would be awesome.
The only issue I have is that because it's all girls they decided they had to rob a fashion show and steal jewelry. It just feels stereotypical cat burglar. I'd have loved a bit more complex a heist. 
> Honestly I don't care if it's an all female cast or not.

I feel the same way. I've seen lots of movies that used the gimmick of having an all male cast and I liked them fine. And I'm a feeeemale.
It's kinda the same way with Eleven too. Danny isn't quite as interesting as some of the other members but he's the mastermind behind everything so that's who we follow. 
> Based off these 2 minutes, I feel like Cate Blanchett works better as the main character than Bullock though.


Does she? Or is she just really tall?
I’m kinda digging Sarah Paulson’s high strung housewife character, she’s perfect for that. 
Blanchett is great in everything. I just want a heist movie with her. 
Cate Blanchett needs to be the main character in everything.
Cate is like Brad Pitt to Sandra's Clooney. 
That would be Ocean's 11.  If this is going to be a different movie I'm okay with the idea of an Oceans sibling who isn't suave.
This is my only complaint. 
Ocean's 12 had Julia Roberts pretend to be Julia Roberts.
Anne Hathaway isn`t real either. 
Wait til you see the Tammy Crown Affair!

But wait there's more!

It's a female version of the Thomas Crown Affair but it stars Idris Elba as the female lead.
Funny because she headlined that event like two years prior too (the infamous yellow coat year). Like she's one of the main events every year too. It's great. 
People are gonna start acting as if Oceans 13 is a classic.
A new Ocean's film! And directed by the Academy Award nominated Gary Ross! Oh, wait. Starring Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Helena Bonham Carter, Anne Hathaway, Rihanna, Sarah Paulson, Mindy Kaling, Awkwafina... it's a shame I'm not a fan of any of them. I guess it's just not for me. Did you hear? It's not for me! **It's not for me!**

I avoid Youtube comments these days. Pure BS goes on there.
Oddly enough, I didn't see any comments mocking this Awkwafina person. The name alone is cringey to me.
Yeah, but getting these actors and a nice budget without being tied to a successful I.P. is hard. Just look at how Logan Lucky fared at the box office.
If this is named other than Ocean's 8, I think some people will also accused this movie of gender swapping of Ocean's trilogy.

But I like they took this decision and make it a continuity of Ocean's trilogy with Sandra Bullock as Danny Ocean's sister, Debbie Ocean. I think Matt Damon filmed his cameo for this movie.
I'd prefer new properties as well, but they seem pretty difficult to get made. Studios treat them like a big risk. Seems like any time a female-led (or non-white led) movie does well they act like it's a fluke.
The great original movie Ocean's 11 that totally wasn't a remake.
Soderbergh may not be directing, but his good friend Gary Ross is! It doesn't bother me that this is a sequel. That brings with it brand power and a few extra possibilities if the filmmakers want to exploit connections. What matters at the end of the day is, is it good or is it bad?

Maybe Steve McQueens' upcoming Widows, which is also coming out next year, will be more for you, though ironically that's a remake, rather than a sequel, so it's arguably less original.
I hope the music is just as dope as 11-13. The atmosphere of the films is my favorite thing about them. They do Vegas right.
[deleted]
Wow that’s like creepily relevant and also really funny/true
Mirror?
Men, we know how to be friends
[deleted]
Yup: 20 for Sandra, Cate, and Anne...39 mil for the rest, except Awkafina, who negotiated for two fidget spinners and a vegan bologna sandwich.
even if you do steal a 100 million diamond necklace you might get .40 to the dollar or something. The resale is really low, you might just make more selling it in pieces or something. Nobody could ever wear that necklace again in public.. sort of like stealing art, its nice to have but you can't show anyone.
*The Producers: Part II*
I didn't laugh at any of the lame jokes in the trailer but I laughed at this comment.
Yes!  I think the chemistry of the cast going to be very important.  In the original trilogy,  the cast had such a great chemistry.  They all played off each other very well.  Really hope they can capture that same charm in this film.  
I am confused.  Is Sandra Bullock playing Tess Ocean (Julia Roberts), related to Danny Ocean in another way, or just a completely unrelated character?
It looked a little bland, hoping it is good though!
It didn't ooze cool to me. When I think of the Ocean's series - I think of cool.
This looks like ragtag team that wants out of their situation to pull a heist. Fun, maybe. But Ocean Cool? Nah.

To be fair, the original Ocean's trailer wasn't anything 'cool' per se, but the memorable soundtrack definitely sets a different tone: https://youtu.be/u7VTkceSsEw
Trying the ludicrous approach.
Something different how? She's probably just playing her same character from Battleship.
Blanchett was great in Bandits, rewatched it recently and it was still kinda fun 
Logan Lucky was a heist film that came out in 2017!
D: She has you're?

R: Yeah..

D: That means she.

R: Yep. 

D: Well, you better..

R: Yeahh 
Well, it's Ocean's Eight, and they show you seven thieves plus Anne so...
oh I can’t wait to see this posted in every single thread about this movie for all of eternity...
haha its funny because it's sexist
Wait till you hear about Entourage. 
I think you're just trying to be a troll, but i mean a male Sex and the City with *actually funny* people might be quite interesting. A production exploring deeper into male interactions with sex and relationships and how it all plays out in our current generation could be really well done and entertaining.
It's less expensive than having to reshoot once one of your stars dark pasts come to light. 
The only other film I can think of like this is the recent Ghostbusters installment. Unless there are more that slipped under my radar.
I wouldn't really consider them remakes tho, reboots more like it. Or just another story in the same universe.
But it's not a remake?
In the past, female-driven movies in male-dominated genres (action, sci-fi, heist) don't do as well at the Box Office. Studios would like to have more women heading movies, so using previously-successful IPs is probably seen as a good way to help offset that gender dip that sometimes happens.

I have little evidence of this, but that's generally how I see it.
The other guy you're thinking of is Scott Caan, he and Casey Affleck played the brothers.
Bango
https://youtu.be/YqAyz1coj44
That’s a BINGO
That's. . . a good question. And the poster and plot description (via wikipedia) suggests that Ann Hathaway's character is one of the 8.
I can't believe for a women-only remake, no one has yet guessed that Tess is going to be the 8th.
Bullock's Character also says that the job only requires 7 people. I guess something goes down where someone unexpected becomes part of the heist and the surprise 8th member.
Not to spoil, but Cate  Blanchett says something like "Don't run a job within a job" to Sandra towards the endish of the trailer which makes me think Anne Hathaway is in on it.
I bet Anne will be the ninth thief in the sequel. Unless it utterly bombs and there is no sequel. 
I like these actors but damn that was a singe
There aren't 8 good actress in the movie.
How am not surprised the comments would take a turn into disparaging the all female cast.
I thought it was because it’s 77% of 11.

I know, I’m going to hell for that joke.
Thanks, I will now only refer to this movie as “Ocean’s Boobs”. 
Not prequels.  Just a bit of fun with numbers.  
I am wrong for liking '" Oceans Ensembl " as a title? If they were to bridge the two casts, I would be okay with this as the title.

Edit: misspelling 
Global Warming amirit /s
They won't pull that shit until Ocean's 9.  
I actually love that scene.  An overly ridiculous scene in an overly ridiculous movie series.  
Roll credits! (Ding!)
Maybe it's cus the bar is low as hell but I wouldn't be mad at this.
I'm assuming it's so people can watch the film without wondering WTF Danny Ocean isn't in a movie named after him....

Like many posters above me, I'll bet $20 (Broken Arrow) he pops up in the very end to tease the sequel.
2018, according to the dates on the stone.  Either that or 2011, as it takes 7 years to legally declare a missing person dead.
BRRAP BRRAP PEW PEW
I had to look it up, but that character's voiced by Aisha Tyler, AKA Lana Kane from Archer. 
She's in Future Man as well. 
They based that character off of awkwafina 
Awkwafina Taco Bell Elizondo Empire State Building Goldberg
She seems like she’d be fun to hang out with, but fuck that song was awful.
Personally, I rate 12 lower than the others because the story was abysmal in comparison. It was watching the actor's paid vacation to the French Riviera. So many of the crew were "locked up" and thus out of action, it ultimately became pointless.
ocean's 12 has its own charm to it. once you get past the fact that the story sucks and just enjoy the charm and the banter, it becomes a lot better
One of the very few OSTs I had on my phone. And all the songs were great. It’s almost a soundtrack to my uni life. 

Especially during that one heist scene when Vincent Cassel infiltrates the museum to take some shit. The music then was awesome.
I'm optimistic then, the score for Moonlight was phenomenal, and The Big Short was pretty decent as well (The Big Short also has a similar vibe in many ways to Ocean's 11, so that may have been good practice for Britell).
Moonlight’s score was amazing.
That was Debussy's Claire de Lune
Ahh yes, the Ocean's 11 original score *Claire de Lune*
I don’t know, when the French thief does his laser dance, that song gets stuck in my head for days. 

Fuck, it’s stuck in my head now. 
More Eddie Izzard in just about everything would make me happy
"No" - The UK.
I loved him in Doctor Who...
James Corden acted just fine in Kill Your Friends... And if you didn't like his acting, you get to see him being strangled to death with a piano wire so it's a win-win-win.
Why do people hate him?
I like him :(
I served with Eddie Izzard. I knew Eddie Izzard. Eddie Izzard was a friend of mine.

That man is no Eddie Izzard.
The Wrong Mans was very good imo.
Have you seen Gavin and Stacey?
It's literally made up of over a dozen medium sized diamonds. Would be easy as hell to sell...
He was rude to Patrick Steward, that might be it.
He got a popular late night show, therefore Reddit hates him now.
Since time immemorial.
I think rather it's like "We're stealing jewelry from a fashion show. Who's going to blend in more, an ensemble of men or women?" At least I like that angle better. It's sort of like saying hey, a group of men isn't going to be the best choice for every heist situation, and in this particular one a group of women is actually the best choice, so here we go. The story even seems to go this way: Ocean had the idea, she assembles the team around the idea. 
The Met gala isn’t a fashion show. It’s a fundraiser for the costume center of the Met, which is a museum.
I mean, Ocean's 11 was about stealing cash from a casino, so the premise doesn't sound that much better if you put it that way.
Blanchett looks like the Brad Pitt of the movie though, who arguably gets more screentime than Clooney
I feel like it's the role of the leader type to be not as interesting as the others. The burden of leadership and plot exposition.
Cate Blanchett can play anyone, do anything. She's an aussie Meryl Streep. 
I hear she'll be in a heist movie soon.
Bandits? 
Idk I didn’t see her eating enough.
I could see Sandra as the Matt Damon character 
I feel like it should be the opposite. Cate should be the suave more straight-laced cool one, and Sandra should be.. Actually she probably shouldn't be one of the leads at all now that I think about it. 
she nailed it! until she was busted by Bruce Willis (played by Actor Bruce Willis)
That was hilarious, like the 5th wall or some shit. 
I know everyone shits on that movie, and specifically that gag...

But I have to admit, I loved that scene when I first saw the movie. I thought it was fairly clever (especially Willis showing up).
[deleted]
Ocean's 13 is better than 12
They're going to be acting as if Ocean's 11 isn't a remake already.
"Watch they are totally gonna fucking ghost buster the fuck out of this film. For any one who knows how bad ghost busters was you feel me right? This is going to make me hate all of the classic oceans films . You watch this new movie will actually be total garbage.﻿"

Yep. 
Who the hell isn't a fan of Cate Blanchett?
Is it wrong I'm hearing Chowder's "I'm not your boyfriend" from your repetition?
Gary Ross is directing this? Guy doesn't make complete shit but he's pretty lacking as a director. 
"These days"? The Youtube comment section has been hateful garbage for as long as I can remember.
Honestly this sub's comments should be avoided too. 
To be fair, what we saw of her in the trailer wasn't enough to base a performance off of. Im just hoping that theres a good reason she was cast...
You realize it's SUPPOSED to be cringy, right? She's kind of like the female lil Dicky. 
She's a comedic hiphop artist.  It's not a bad name with that in mind.   
That's true.  Logan Lucky was one of my favorite movies I've watched this year. 
I always liked that they tried to make Oceans 12 on the same budget as 11. I feel like more movies should do that, including this one - it makes them more inventive. Not that I am saying I liked the whole Julia Roberts sequence. 
According IMDb (whatever good that is), Carl Reiner's Saul Bloom is also set for a cameo.
Well. They do the romanticized idea of Vegas correctly. Real stale smoke and desperation Vegas? Not...not really.
The music they used in the trailer was off-putting.
I still lose 10 minutes of my life whenever I hear the laser dance song 
They make Vegas better than it actually is.
Hey! It was three fidget spinners.
150 million actually.
150 mil at .40 on the dollar still gives you 60 million, split 8 ways it's 7.5 mil each. You could live a life of luxury until you die in many countries with that.
Only problem is no soderbergh. I feel like he was a crucial element in the feel of 11-13 and it will be missing in this
She's his sister. 
I remember when I first read about the movie that Sandra's playing Danny's sister and that's the Ocean connection. 
She is his sister, unfortunately since Clooney is not gonna be in the movie i'm afraid they'll continue to reference him throughout the movie to connect it to the to the movies, but then never show him.
Wasn't until the comment that I realized Sandra Bullock isn't Julia Roberts... man this Monday was so rough it slid into Tuesday...
She's Debbie Ocean.
I have had a crush on her since that movie. She is goddamn gorgeous.
It is also directed by the same director who made the Ocean's trilogy 
And a damn good one IMO
Thanks for the heads-up! Will check out soon
Even called it Oceans 7/11
Ya it was good and funny as hell. 
D: Do you think we need 1 more?

R: .....

D: You think we need 1 more.

R: .....

D: Alright, we'll get 1 more.
 they already made that movie,  its called Swingers.
You are right, it is not a remake. It is related to the other movies. Apparently people don't like you pointing that out, though.
Female driven movies in male dominated genres like, say, Alien, Mad Max: Fury Road, Resident Evil, Wonder Woman, The Hunger Games, Kill Bill or the new Star Wars movies.
Bongo
https://youtu.be/HNGXsgLRkXU
Could it be Matt Damon? I know he appears in the movie. Also, I'm betting $100 that Danny O is still alive and makes an appearance in the movie.
Early guesses since Hollywood is so predictable now. Twist 1: Hathaway is in on it cause her husband actually owns the diamond or some shit. Twist 2: Also Clooney is still alive and will comeback in the end cause he faked his death 
That sort of happened with Julia Roberts. She went from associated target to part of the gang.
[deleted]
Sarah Paulson is a national treasure.
But...everyone there has really proven themselves except for Rhianna...
Let’s be fair there were barely 8 good actors in Oceans 11. 

Cheadle’s accent was so horrible he fired his agent for not letting him know it was terrible. 

The Amazing Yen was never an actor at all. 

Then we have Scott Cahn of Varsity Blues and Hawaii 5-0 game. 

Yeah, Rihanna and Awkwafina are at best untested and at worst, untrained and inexperienced actors who will always look like untrained inexperienced actors. 

But look at the top of Ocean’s 8. Bullock, Blanchett, Hathaway, Bonham Carter probably have more acting Oscar nominations and wins than the entire Ocean’s 11 cast (I don’t think anyone in Ocean’s 11 has an acting Oscar. My head counts at least 4 or 5 wins for the Ocean’s 8 crew).
True, but let's not act like everyone in the other movies were powerhouses. 
I think filmmakers like fucking with future archivists. "What? Why does "8" come after "13???"
The Oceans and the Furious.
Get Dat Fetus, Kill Dat Fetus!
Can you guys please stop making gun noises? They’re really freaking me out
Only in the first season though, I believe.
When ever people say this I get confused. She’s obviously based on a teen pop star like Miley Cyrus but with some Lady Gaga flair. Awkwafina is a comedian and rapper who makes some very weird and dumb rap as well as some pretty solid goofy hip hop with awesome production. I think people just see the My V@g video and think “oh she’s just some idiot shock pop bitch”. 

In case you can’t tell, I want Awkwafina to be my wife
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/171/620/690.jpg

The dick one wasn't any better.
The whole Julia Roberts imposter thing really turned me off in that one
They should hire him then because that was a good scene.
Get him while you can, chances he’ll be in parliament soon. 
"Hell no" - The US
Hey come on, Gavin and Stacey was brilliant and touching and clever, and he wrote it, along with the big Welsh woman
Out of the loop. Do people hate James Corden? And if so, why?
I loved Stormageddon more though
me too! that was a great episode.
He's been a pretty decent actor in most things I've seen, when he's got a script to work off he's fine, it's when he's presenting and using his own jokes he becomes annoying.
This is reddit every late night show host not Conan is not funny.
I prefer Corden over Fallon.
annoying fat guy replaces late show legend? what's not to dislike
He's not funny 
Corden is very watered down and fake on American tv and I think people can see through that. His actual personality and sense of humour is a lot edgier. 

He became popular in the UK though first which is also a kiss of death. We hate over exposed celebrities and turn on them extremely quickly if we even get a whiff of cockiness. 
Personally, I don't think he's funny and he's not a good actor 
Same, I wasn't aware there was a wide dislike for Corden.
me too :(

he seems not cocky
Eddie Izzard in Hannibal is fantastic if you like him, so many funny moments even just looking back on it I'm laughing 
He plays a good well-intentioned not-too-bright friend. 
Or the "Lodger" episodes of Doctor Who?

That was him right?
Other way around if I remember the video. And it's Stewart. 
I just watched the award show clip and I mean they we're both being dicks to each other but PS just kept calling him fat like? I love Patrick Stewart but like his behavior is totally justified? The guys pushing 80 years old here
Patrick looked so awkward trying to put him down. Like he was torn between trying to get back at him and not wanting to be too rude to someone in public.
UK hated him way before that. Some people can be disliked without the boring 'its popular therefore Reddit hates it' comment.
No one knew who the fuck he was prior to that, so it's not like the hate is new just awareness of his existence to be honest. 

Except those UKers who have hated him since forever according to others commenting. 
Except in most heist movies, stealing jewelry or something very recognizable is not usually the point.  That's usually the pre-amble or the bankroll for the main heist, which is usually something easy to movie.  Oceans 11 was about cash, as was Oceans 13.  The diamonds in 13 were a screw you from Benedict.  
The Met Gala isn't a fashion show lol
The problem being, this one singular item is now untouchable once its stolen because whos going to buy that knowing that they cant resell it to some rich perosn to wear, or show it off, because spoiler, its stolen and will be very obvious.
So she gonna be eating in evrry scene?
I heard that too. Supposed to be an all female cast. 
According do IMDB, Matt Damon will be the Matt Damon character.

Yes, they somehow dragged Linus into this movie, because having an all new cast would be a sin apparently.

Edit: fixing typos
You are missing the point.  Everybody, especially women, LOVE Sandra Bullock 
Hathaway should be the Ocean character.
IIRC Roberts was pregnant during the shoot, so they had to change the story to figure out a way to explain why Julia Roberts character was suddenly pregnant.

As far as solutions go, it wasn't a bad one.
THEY HAD THE EGG THE WHOLE TIME WHY DID THEY DO ALL THAT SHIT
Water, still wet. 
I liked 12 a bit more than 13, personally.  13 felt like 11 but a bit more of a party atmosphere. 

But I like them all.
Big if true 
Oceans 13 is why I am generally a move optimist. Because I loved 11, then was super disappointed by 12. So I had low expectations going into 13, but then I really liked it. It taught me that one bad sequel doesn't mean the whole franchise is screwed.
Just like Scarface.
Mjolnir.
Chris Hemsworth.
The older she gets the hotter she gets.
That's quite literally a requirement of YouTube comments. There a checkbox when you post that says "I certify that all contents of this comment are hateful garbage."
No see this sub is a bastion of perfectly civil and level-headed respon.... sorry I couldn't finish that sentence. I can only lie so much. 
[deleted]
i was kinda disappointed with the pacing of Logan lucky, seemed like it dragged in parts. The ending was fairly well done though.
Logan Lucky failed to match the hype for me. 

I was most excited for Daniel Craig but 90% of his scenes are in the trailers (and Logan Lucky is definitely not a “I won’t see the trailers I’ll go in blind” film). 

It was a 7/10, I expected 9/10 since it was Soderbergh doing a heist film with a great cast. It’s one of the most charming movies that I’ll likely never watch again. 
They aren't stealing money from alcoholic, drug addicts.  So why would they put that under the microscope when the people they are after are multi-millionaire casino owners.
It was a little obvious. Strong women characters = Boots Are Made for Walking. Like, I'm okay with the reboot, and I hope it's a good movie, because I loved the original, and love heist films. But you can just support it musically with something fun that isn't like "see this is cool because they're women" and go instead with "this is cool."
I think that's the reference they make at the end of this trailer.

"Is it genetic? Are the whole family like this?"

"Literally"
There's a frame in the trailer where she is sitting in front of a marble slab that says Danny Ocean 1961-2018, so I think it's safe to say Danny is not going to be seen in the flesh unless it turns into a zombie movie!
Holy fucking shit I'm so retarded I didn't even grasp this ahahaha
Written by an unknown, a pseudonym or first time writer.  I wonder when that mystery will be revealed.
Also made by Soderbergh (director of Ocean’s 11, 12, 13)
The best redneck heist film of all time. 
I'm pretty worried about them missing the mark about what makes the humor in these movies so unique. The don't always do obvious jokes.

For example in 12 someone asks the group who is on the 100 dollar bill. Everyone answers differently and none of them are correct. 

It's a brilliant joke that doesn't linger and just flows with the rest of the conversation in the scene. If you aren't paying attention you don't even notice it. 
I don’t wanna leave the Congo 
Bish
His name's Roberto Luongo 
[Fun fact about why these words are in this order.](https://www.rd.com/culture/ablaut-reduplication/)
Random Matt Damon appearances are the best.
But you saw she was looking at his grave right? I hope you’re right. I need Brad Pitt in there at some point eating any sort of food in every scene!
[deleted]
> cause her husband actually owns the diamond or some shit

Most celebrities wearing expensive jewelry at a gala don't actually own the jewelry.  It probably belongs to a jewel store, to be used as advertising.
> cause her husband actually owns

Time to steal his batmobile, Catwoman!
Clooney will be related to Bullock most likely and make a small cameo. That's my bet. 

Edit: I guess they came out and said they're related, but I'm still betting on a cameo. 
Now Bernie Mac making a comeback in this movie will surprise me, and scare me.
Huh?

Sandra Bullock flat out said **7 people** as in 7 for the job. 

The 8th is an unwitting or unexpected participant, just like Julia Roberts in 12 and Andy Garcia in 13. 

Hathaway has to be the mark, the 7 are the 7, but then get a late stage help from probably Matt Damon as he’s confirmed for the film 
I wouldn't dare to even joke about Cate Blanchett acting abilities.
Helena Bonham Carter is pretty good too. Even if a little eccentric
Rihanna is really bad though. And there are a ton of great black actresses that would have actually contributed to this movie. They cast her because of her name and fan base, so I get it. But damn, she really pulls me out of a movie.
Sarah Paulson is brilliant.
If Rooney Mara was in this it would literally be a Carol reunion. 
Just finished People Vs OJ. She was so fucking good in that. Especially the episode that focused on the media's treatment of her.
I love her so much. She steals the show every season of AHS
2 Ocean 2 Motion
[deleted]
TIL joe Biden is an awkwafina fan 
I'm just glad I got to finally see that gag in a movie, it was so ballsy. 
lol
I think you're putting Debussy on a pedestal

edit: Can I just say that this is insane that I didn't get more up votes for this joke?
All that, *and* a funk musician? He really is the whole package!
For real??? I mean, I'm in the US, but that makes me so happy. Always enjoyed his views on the world, I think he'd be a very honest Parliamentarian. (Definitely thought I was making that word up, but turns out it's ~~correct~~ totes real, if inaccurate. Nice.)
Maybe we can come to a deal. 
How about we settle on Canada
IIRC, people thought he was a dick to Patrick Stewart at some UK award show a few years back, but if you watch the video, Stewart seems like the one being a dick. Also, I'm pretty sure they've both made up since then.

Idk reddit's weird about people sometimes. The story that someone is a dick always gains more traction than the eventual retraction story does.

Oh and reddit also has a love affair with Craig Ferguson, whom Corden replaced.
Of course, he is the Dark Lord of All.
Nah. Kimmels the new golden boy. Conan doesn't make the front page anymore. 
Uhh what? Letterman, Ferguson, Colbert, Meyers, Kimmel...

People (even on here) love the other late night hosts.
And Kimmel

And Meyers

And Colbert

Corden just does a different show. Thats fine, hut doesnt really hit the target audience
At least he is somewhat talented and listens to his guests instead of laughing maniacally. 
It's like getting boring musical theatre over a game show host trying too hard.  At least you need talent to do theatre.
He was hired to fill a vacancy. Ferguson wasn’t fired. He quit. They had to put *something* in that slot. 
Who did he replace?
I have no feelings about him whatsoever, this kinda wreaks of the nickleback hate the internet has.
Thanks. 
[deleted]
He had quite a weird career in the UK. For non British people, he got really famous here for writing and starring in a sitcom called “Gavin and Stacey”. It was about a working class / lower middle-class couple who come from other sides of the country, and how they deal with the long distance relationship. Corden played the main male character’s best friend, he’s a builder and a lot of the jokes are about how he’s fat / smokes and drinks too much etc. 

The show was huge and made stars out of most of the cast, and then on the back of that Corden had much more exposure and started doing panel shows and things like that and people started to find him smug and annoying.

The whole bland, slightly camp, inoffensive persona that people in America hate him for is actually different as to why British people used to hate him.

To be fair I actually don’t mind him, and Gavin and Stacy deserved all the praise it got, but I do think the reason he’s hated in the UK is different to why he is in the US 
Not speaking for everyone, but as a Canadian I had never heard of him until he got a talk show in America.
Hope so. But eating is a Brad Pitt schtick, not just for the Ocean's movies. 
I'm mad that they announced Damon in the movie already but the trailer acts like it would be a surprise.

I just want a real what the fuck moment like Interstella if not Thor Ragnarok.
I love all the actresses in this movie, I'd be happy regardless. They're all playing cool, collected badasses in this movie which is not a usual role for any actress so I think they're all getting the chance to really shine. I haven't seen Bullock in this kind of movie so I can't just say she won't fit, I'm pretty sure people just think that because they all get type-cast and it's hard to imagine them outside of that but I assume she'll do better than expected.
Yup. Roleswap Sandra Bullock and Anne Hathaway and they'd already be doing 100% better.


It's about sending a message
At least we got this scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr834Cs9ncs
Because that sequence showing how everything went down is wicked awesome.
Because if the Night Fox knew that they had the egg, he'd steal the egg from Ocean. Ocean's crew can't come up with a security system on the fly better than what the museum has built into their infrastructure. So they simply pretend that they don't have it.

Remember that the Night Fox tries to do this anyway, he steals the "egg" from the museum a few nights before Ocean's heist is set to take place just to spite Danny. He'd certainly steal it from Ocean's crew if he knew they had it. 
Imagine if they had been able to succeed in stealing the fake egg, though. It was like low stakes gamble to see if they could do it. When they couldn't and the snobby guy is like "Yeah, I got it" they went "well, we didn't really need to steal it again so that's pretty much why we failed lol."
Too soon!
She was absurdly sexy in Ragnarok
There's also a separate checkbox that says "I certify that I am acting exactly 13 years old."
LL was too long and too short at the same time. Really weird.
Or faked his own death?
I would be ok with that. From Dusk Til Dawn style. But Rihanna puts her foot in Anne Hathaway's mouth and pours champagne down her leg.

I'll be in my bunk. 
Some are calling it, [Ocean's 7-11](#spoiler).
*Cauliflower*
Oh no no no no no.
[Candygram for Mongo!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH6_kasOHac)
Bash
Correct answer.
*Laughs in Eurotrip*
Enter [Thor: Ragnarok](#spoiler)
[deleted]
He didn't 
Because he dies in 2018. He isn’t dead yet.
No one even asked about acting abilities when we watched the first Ocean films. It was about the action.
Pretty good? She's pretty great. She just gets roped into a lot of weird and frankly bad Tim Burton projects
Pretty good?

She’s played the widest range out of anyone in the cast. From the Queen in the King’s Speech to Harry Potter witch to Fight Club harlot to Les Miserables. 
A lot of dudes pull it out when shes in a movie, thats why. 
She was actually pretty good in Valerian. Some might say the *only* good thing in that movie. 
3 Ocean 9 Eleven
8 girls 1 Ocean
I hate myself, but I would watch all of these.
It'a A BO~~Y~~-RTED!
Can we deport him back to you for cash :D
"How about no, sorry" - Canada
lol anyone who takes Stewart's side on that is delusional
>Kimmels the new golden boy.

Well now you said something so time for the backlash.  Get your pitchforks!
Ferguson will always be Reddit’s darling. 
He needs to have more trips with Steven yuen to korea.
Fallon is super talented. You may not like him, but he totally is. 
>  laughing maniacally. 

and slamming the desk. 
Craig Ferguson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIBUWqSTp90

First time seeing it myself.  Unless there's something behind the scenes we don't know, Patrick Stewart seems to pick on him for no reason.  But Corden comes off as a dick for shooting back in the way he did.
From my understanding, as a Welshman, Corden took to success too well and let the ego get to his head.

American's hate him because he is a brit doing better in a shitty timeslot that the people before him.
The good old days.
Hopefully her schtick is that she'll look at us seductively/menacingly all the time... *sigh*
He didn't eat in 12 years a slave, tho...
Wasn't that because he was quitting smoking while filming 11? 
Sandra looks I don't know..a bit weary, the charisma is not there.
you haven't even seen the movie yet.
I thought it was more about getting him to pay all of their debt to Andy Garcia. He turned them in to Garcias character, so they used his own hubris to trick him into getting Garcia off of their backs. It's actually a pretty cool little twist, but was executed terribly.
FROM IVY

OUT MIDDLE

THROUGH OUR CONNECTOR

LIKE A SPEED DEMON
thats just stupid, also Catherine Zeta-Jones did it first
While I am a huge fan of Capoeira, this scene made me cringe.

A random sweeping path of lasers would set themselves off, but not only that, his ear buds would fall out.  I bought the same pair w/o realising it when they movie came out and those fuckers fell out jogging, let alone Eddy Gordo'ing down a hallway.
Simultaneously the coolest and dumbest movie scene of the '00s.
Well if they make an Ocean's 9 and somehow get George Clooney back on board I wouldn't be surprised if they did it that way. 
Nothing will live up to the hype of this comment. 
That's what I will be calling it for now on!
I'm so happy in the jungle I refuse to go
Bosh
Cries in interstellar 
SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW
SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW! 
scotty doesn't know.
Wait, is the Ocean in this one the daughter then?

I thought it was going to be a prequel.

EDIT: Oh, they were siblings.
Guess that answers how old Danny was in Ocean's 12! Whenever they were saying he was 50. If it took place in '04 that would put him right at 43 for the movie.
So when his crew was telling Danny he looked fifty, he was forty-six.
damn, I thought you were just trolling, but its true!
[deleted]
Am I the only one thinking he will definitely not be dead? And his grave is a con. Because Danny Ocean is the greatest con man of all time. 
True.  I was thinking that the grave scene could also be the last scene in the movie..  They just want to catch the audience off guard in the beginning when Danny shows up.  Then hit him with a truck maybe?
So you're saying we still have time!
>It was about the action.

It was about a bunch of charismatic dudes walking around being charismatic and funny.
Yeah she's fantastic in "normal" roles too. I loved her performance as Elizabeth the Queen Mother in The King's Speech.
Don't worry, can't imagine they'll be collaborating as much moving forward. 
Really set myself up for that one.
Final Destinocean
Ocean's 2: Electric Boogaloo
Y'know what? If keeping Corden means we don't get Piers Morgan, then that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
Need to deport him for being a deadbeat dad. He abandoned his daughter Stormageddon for crying out loud.
We could send him to Australia. 
Nope, he's yours now 
No, the deal was you take Corden and we take back Piers Morgan. If you want to give Corden back, you can have Piers back.
He is talented, as an entertainer. But as a show host, he seems fake. 
corden is a tony winner
didnt ferguson choose to leave?
Ok, but nobody could replace him. Every late night host is worse than Craig. 
Damn. That's painful to watch.
I feel like there must be some context that we're missing, because they really, really seem to not like each other very much.
This has to be out of context, but with only this video as evidence, Patrick looks like the douche who started it here
I just don't find him funny.
I watch the Thor: Ragnarok trailer to this day because of the incredibly hot way she grins after her character catches Mjolnir.

Like, damnnnn, woman.
That was the bet, but the guys didn't steal the egg until after the bet was made. I'm thinking that the master dude set a deal with Danny in order to teach his protege a lesson in humility and not underestimating your opponent.
CATHERINE ZETA-JONES

SHE DIPS BENEATH LASERS
up doot for "Eddy Gordo'ing"
“Somehow”

He’s producing Oceans 8. He’s already involved. 
Don't want no bright lights
BRUTAL
Cries in Asgard
Some say Scotty still doesn't know. 
THAT FIONA AND ME
If they already showed a grave in the trailer, then I would bet money it's a con and he's not gonna really be dead.
It probably definitely is a con! I’ll just be sad if it isn’t.
I dunno. I just know that I hope he’s not really dead because that would break my heart. He had a wife and a child. I swear if it was Terry Benedict or the Night Fox that did it I’m gonna be pissed!
I agree with the sentiment, seems like a better trade for the west of Atlantic Ocean 
No thank you. we have enough talentless hacks down here.
Yeah, but he still got replaced by the blandest mofo since Leno.
Yeah, no one else will ever show pictures of Paul McCartney and talk to robot skeletons like he did.
There's a video they did after this of them together in bed, and Corden is saying things like ' I don't know why you treat me like this'. It was quite funny.
Definitely. It seems like Stewart thought he had a wittier jab than he did. Corden obviously took it too far with a pretty unfunny rebuttal but it is clear that came purely from reacting to what appears to be a jab out of nowhere. 
That is also one of his flaws.
That woman is almost 50. She won the genetic powerball.
I also thought that shot was really well done. It probably has to do with the way she somehow opens her eyes wider while she starts to squint.
one person doesnt tekken. i up doot too.
False teeth, doorbells, landlords, I make it clear
SAVAGE
[deleted]
I'm an American, so y'all can keep that little piece of shit. We'll keep the fatter one.
I think it's fitting punishment for making us watch Russell Crowe sing. 
Kochie is retiring, why not?
id have to say fallon is more blander imo, i think they mostly just wanted someone with an accent who could get more young people's attention. he seems to be doing a good job.
Yes exactly, in this context Stewart came out of nowhere
That no matter how they tempt him
That no matter how they coax him,
REKT
Best cameos ever. And dude, You're thinking of, Other Other Hemsworth, Not Other Hemsworth. There are three of them. Gahhd, how can you confused them? It's not like someone decided to dress two of them alike, whilst having the first most famous one copy the second most famous one's haircut.
wait what? Where was the other hemsworth?
Holy shit, it's [Loki](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120655/)!
For real. James Corden's not bothering you, James Corden's not bothering *any*body.
TIL everybody hates James Corden
Yeah, I'm confused now, which one do we get? 
True, Fallon is almost aggressively bland. Probably why he completely skipped my mind. As for Corden, sure he brings in a bigger viewership, but I'd say that's because he's so inoffensive and follows the Fallon method where he just dicks around with celebrities and we're supposed to be entertained by it. People seem to like that. 

Also, the fact that Ferguson - who, at every turn, mocked and parodied the stale late night format - was replaced by someone who fully embraces it might've turned a lot of people off. I know I was.
