that song choice absolutely tanked the quality of this trailer. what the fuck were they thinking?

also anyone notice jones dropping RBG's accent like halfway through the trailer? How do you do RBG without the Brooklyn accent?
After Mary Queen of Scots the next Oscar bait with terrible Instagram Filter looks. Everthing looks so goddamn soft and glowy...
It’s incredible how quickly a trailer’s quality can go to shit when you use a generic, emotional pop song. 
They need to lose that pop song.
Movie looks interesting but the trailer is crap
I can't put my finger on it but I really hate the lighting of the movie, very similiar to *The Post* or *Bridge of Spies* (both filmed by Janusz Kaminski). 
I love how the Supreme Court Justice Cinematic Universe is expanding. 
Is it just me or does Felicity Jones look like she has a "glowing" snapchat filter on her face in every shot...
I feel like this could be a fantastic Sorkin movie
Might be an unpopular opinion, but I dont really want to see biographical films while the person in question is still not only alive, but still serving.
That pop song ruined the whole trailer for me. It made it feel like a Lifetime movie. 
Looks good...definitely going to check it out! 
Just chiming in to say if you have not seen RBG take the 96 or however many minutes it is out of your life and see it.

It was a wonderful documentary that came out this year that is about Ruth. 
wonder if they include the real story of the case she argued which set gender equality precedent... frat guys that sued because men had to be 21 to buy alcohol, and girls in that town could buy at 18 because they were deemed to be more civil and appropriate. 
Siiiiiiigh....

Focus is really trying hard with their stable of actresses attempting accents they can't seem to hold in place for longer than a second this year, huh. 

If there's one thing I'd really love for the outcome of the Academy shake-up to be, it's having box-checking period pieces featuring heavily synthetic emotional beats and moments *not* be considered a shoo-in for Best Picture and Best Actor/Actress.

You can definitely tell the director of Pay It Forward is behind this one.
We need to catch the bandit who keeps smearing Vaseline over the lenses of the cameras they were using.
Ok but the word freedom does appear in the Constitution...at least kind of. It’s in the Bill of Rights
So glad I’m not the only one who was confused by her accent. 
Not bad. Could contend for some oscars.
I can't see this movie performing at all well outside the US. 
I'm sure it's a fascinating story to tell but I nearly fell asleep during the trailer!
Felicity Jones will make it back to the Academy Awards next year. 
Seems weird that we are getting this movie right after the amazing documentary about her. Same thing with the upcoming Fred Rogers movie starring Tom Hanks but at least that is coming next year.
It's not really my thing, but I can see this connecting with certain audiences. 
Looks like a made-for-TV movie
[deleted]
R.B.G. Ain't nuthin ta fuck with'  
R.B.G Ain't nuthin ta fuck with'
She sounded like a Southern bell.
Oh that accent was alllll over the place! One minute it was Southern, then it was vaguely Brooklyn, then it was straight back to her own upper-class British.
Felicity Jones is a good actress, but her American accent is almost Gerard Butler bad.
And both from Focus Features too.

I swear to god if they decide to put all their 'For Your Consideration' cash behind these two films and the performances in them and not push for Tully, I will be steaming mad.
[deleted]
yeah, like wtf it takes you out of the time period completely. 
Yeah, it made it feel like a Lifetime movie. 
Nope, I'm sorry but this has "this movie is hot garbage Oscar bait" written all over it. If you want to see an actual good film about rgb, see the documentary that was released arlier this year.
It's called "beauty work", where they digitally airbrush actors (or more often, actresses) faces to make them look flawless. They did it a lot in Passengers and Oceans Eight. The new Mary Queen of Scots trailer has it a bunch too.
Just walked out of the movie. This was spot on. The dialogue could’ve been soooo much better. Sorkin is just too good when it comes to writing the epic monologue moments.

Also... I can’t find the Reddit discussion for it.

>You can definitely tell the director of Pay It Forward is behind this one.

She directed (and produced) half of the *Leftovers*. That's not too bad. 

To be fair, she also directed Deep Impact, which is a pretty solid disaster movie.
you aint wrong about obligitory oscars for "not bad" movies.
The script is like 5 years old, so it isn't crazy that when the Me Too stuff started popping off someone wouldn't make a movie about one of the most important US women. 
Agree to disagree. 
Fuck off back to The_Donald, garbage.
as opposed to a Taco bell
you're gonna be steaming mad that two award friendly movies released during award season will most likely have a bigger push?
I’m pretty sure they are focusing on BlacKkKlansman and Boy Erased instead.
Tully isn't very good though...
At least The Favourite had the decency to look like it didn't get a flying fuck about the Oscars and just be as balls-to-the-wall weird as it wanted. I respect that and would expect nothing less from the director of The Lobster, even if it doesn't look like something I'd be interested in.
The Favourite looks anything but uninteresting. I understand if you don't like period pieces but come on.
That's because they want to let you know that this is a *Story for Our Times*
I feel like TV is such a different kettle of fish than film. Especially film which has the definite directive of "This will be pushed as an Oscar contender. Please make it 'Oscary'".
She contributed a lot to China Beach and ER as well.
*Based on the true story of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, sponsored in part by the Cheesy Gordita Crunch!*
Uhh yeah? Isn't that something that everyone should be mad about? When mediocre movies are prioritized over fantastic movies simply because they're released late in the year and deemed traditionally "awards friendly" ie: pandering towards a very particular demographic that we're used to defining what's considered prestige for all of us based on their very particular tastes, and not necessarily dependent on quality or talent.
*Head over to your local Taco Bell now to experience the freedom Ruth Bader Ginsburg fought for...the freedom to* ***Live Màs!***
>fantastic movie

>Tully

Pick one
I don't know why you're getting mad then if you already know that award shows champion mediocrity in the first place, not sure why you even care about them either. usually I just follow critics circles or top ten lists at the end of the year rather than caring about which actor who campaigned the hardest won. 
You know that who wins/gets nominated for the Oscars shapes who gets to make and star in what in the years to come, right? Like they're not just some awards show that happens and is of no consequence. They are taken deadly seriously by the industry and the actors, directors, and other creatives who get attention are the ones who are given far more opportunities later.

You can say you don't care about the Oscars, but Felicity Jones being nominated for an Oscar in The Theory of Everything was the reason she was cast in the lead role in Rogue One and in this.

That's partially why calls to diversify the Academy have been growing louder and are being heard. Because the Academy as it was was looking increasingly archaic. Things don't change until people demand they change usually. Apathy is really boring.
"People prefer to see things that are good get rewarded" shouldn't be a difficult take to understand tbf. People are allowed to be pissed when good art doesn't get the recognition it deserves.
>You know that who wins/gets nominated for the Oscars shapes who gets to make and star in what in the years to come, right? 
  
so i'd think you'd realize that throughout numerous decades, many milquetoast biopics or dramas have existed and primarily won and have continued to inspire the same, like it's not a new thing lmao. many nominees or winners have went on to do nothing special for the rest of their careers or have struggled to get their projects funded either way. i'm sure it boosts your status for a year or two, but that's about it.   
  
>They are taken deadly seriously by the industry and the actors, directors, and other creatives who get attention are the ones who are given far more opportunities later.  
  
I don't think Charlize Theron's or Jason Reitman's careers are gonna go downhill because Tully isn't nominated lmao. plenty of directors haven't been nominated for oscars and have came out fine and vice versa
>People are allowed to be pissed when good art doesn't get the recognition it deserves. 
  
maybe they shouldn't be following an award show where voters admit to not watching the movies they vote for and numerous studios buy wins through excessive campaigning then. the oscars aren't the objective decider of quality. 
Ok, we get it, you don't care who wins or loses the Oscars. So why are you even in this conversation? Literally all you're saying to me is "well I don't care" and like, okay?
No one said they were the objective decider of quality. Why are you trying to turn someone making an off handed comment into a big argument. 
>So why are you even in this conversation? 
  
I was just pointing out the logic that yes, two award friendly movies at a movie that for the longest time have rewarded those award friendly movies will be more likely to be pushed than a movie that premiered at Sundance.  
  
>Literally all you're saying to me is "well I don't care" and like, okay?  
  
maybe try reading my post instead of projecting at me lol...
i never turned it into an argument, i'm not the one that's getting upset that a studio believe it or not, will focus their campaigning on two movies released in the fall
