Will we see Ainz Ooal Gown in this one?
Wolfenstein the movie.

Edit. Also I like that guy from Black Mirror.
Huh, didn't know Fitz could do an American accent. This looks interesting.
#Sasuga Ainz sama!
A 100 million dollar Nazi Zombies movie.

Clearly the best timeline
Please be rated R and stupid gory
Probably one of the most tonally inconsistent trailers I've seen but it still managed to get me super hyped for the movie for whatever reason. Looks like it's going to be a fun, crazy ride.
Even though JJ has denied it (the same guy who vehemently denied Cumberbatch being Khan), there's no way this movie isn't the next Cloverfield installment.

Also, wasn't Daisy Ridley supposed to be in Overlord?
Weird music choice..
This looks so gloriously pulpy and up my alley.

I wonder if and how it will disappoint me.
Man I'm so happy for Iain De Caestecker, after the last season of Agents of Shield I really wanted to see him in a movie.
I think the trailer is edited to make what would be more horror moments more action based, especially the soldier breaking his own neck. Im still super fucking excited. 
Is that motherfucking Iain De Caestecker?

I'm in
This looks delightfully over-the-top roadhouse fun. 
I was going to ask if there were black parachutists during D-Day -1, until I saw that dude contorting on the floor like a possessed zombie.
Shit looks hype. Some aspects are a little corny and kind of a crossbreed between the Outpost franchise and COD:Zombies, but fuck it. 
I think it has the building blocks of a nice sci-fi horror flick but this trailer totally plays it like an action ww2 flick with sci-fi leanings. I hope for the former but maybe the latter is what we will get...
This proves that certain trailers have the power to be both absolute dogshit and completely outstanding at the same damn time. 
I thought the U.S. army was segregated until 1948.
It looks like fun, but the choice of music did not fit the visuals at all.
I like Wyatt Russell a lot. Looking forward to this even if the CGI looks hilariously bad.
This trailer could've been 10x better without including Hell's Bells IMO. Makes it seem more action but the actual footage seems more along the lines of sci-fi/horror. Still intrigued to see it though
it's really not what I expected the tone to be, it comes off more like an action movie then it does a sci-fi horror. I'm still gonna see it, but i'm not as pumped as i was when i heard about the plot
That scene where he gets pushed out of the plane has some horrendous CGI. They should've just cut to him parachuting in the water.
Looks like a lot of fun 
i was expecting a lich wizard
If Wolfenstein and Inglourious Basterds had a baby. I’m still hopeful! 
Weird trailer. Not bad, just weird. Could be a very good trailer for a confused movie but also a confusing trailer for a very good movie. I‘d go see it anyway, at least it‘s something with a hint of originality and that‘s a good start. 
World War 2 Sci-Fi horror by JJ Abrahms. I didn't know I needed this, but I do.
Call of Duty: Nazi Zombies, The Movie
That music choice is such a weird tonal mismatch, hopefully that's not indicative of the actual movie. The premise is 100% my kinda shit though, and the actual footage looks great. I'm totally gonna catch this in theaters.
Sold! Some of the CGI looked a bit shit though. 
This looked cool at first but then it looks like it became a comedy halfway through the trailer and I lost interest. Oh well
*Previously on Supernatural..*
I don't know if that's the appropriate music for the trailer.
CLOVERLORD would have been a nice title...
Cant wait to watch this on TNT in 6 months
A Nazi Zombie movie with Fitz and J.J Abrams, I'm sold.
Fool me once, Bad Robot. The absolute shitshow that was Cloverfied Paradox proves that Abrams and Co. have no idea what to do with the Cloverfield universe, let alone make a competent movie, and I wonder if Overlord suffered a similar production hell. *Is it or isn’t a tie-in?* I suspect this question wasn’t solved until sometime in post-production when everyone blasted Paradox.

I think the effects look decent for a modestly-budgeted horror movie, although the production design of the Nazi lab looks about as atmospheric and evocative as a custom multiplayer map. And the choice of song and editing, jeezus.

Not getting my hopes up at all for this. 
I'm glad this wasn't part of Cloverfield. The tone and style doesn't really fit into that universe (which at this point is ruined). The trailer looked fine, however, I wished it was bit more serious. 
I feel like they got rid of the 'cloverfield 4' idea for this after the failure that was cloverfield 3.
That looks stupid as fuck!
JJ Abrams Presents: ADJECTIVE: THE MOVIE featuring Mystery Box... 
I'm a sucker for alternative history and WW 2 horror. I'm sold.
When it comes to WWII and zombies no one will ever top Dead Snow and Dead Snow 2. I feel like that has been the peak of the subgenre. Seriously. Go watch it. They're ridiculously fun. 
Looks like shit. Pass.
Looks fucking awful
Damn this has a strong grindhouse flair. The effects for that plane sequence looked awesome as well.
Aww man, am I the only one who was let down by this? I was really looking forward to the movie, but the trailer has me worried. 
Isn't it disrespectful to the people who had to endure segregation to pretend now in media it didn't happen?

And doesn't that strip the Civil Rights Movement of meaning if we pretend these things didn't happen and everyone got along?
DAFUQ I JUS WATCH?
The tone of this trailer was all over the place, but I'm still really excited for this.Nothing could be worse than the clovefield paradox.
Uh oh. I hope they're hiding the best FX and creatures from us still, because this looks incredibly generic and I was expecting some paranormal elements and bizarre experiments. This just has...generic mindless Nazi supersoldier zombies.

For how to do this correctly, see: Frankenstein's Army. Pure fun shlock with great goofy and creepy creature designs.
This looks pretty cool but I wanna know why this seems so much like the concept behind "Werewolf Women of the SS?" 
Man, it looks like they kill Ian’s character off, would be a waste of his acting chops if they do it early on. Thought he was going to be co leading with Wyatt, guess not. 
Me - "This music is so offputting for an historical drama..... oh."
Wait so is this from the video game?
This was originally the fourth cloverfield
Is this not zombie army trilogy? Cause it looks like zombie army trilogy. 
PG-13 =  Meh.  R-Rated = Fuck yes.  
The last bit reminded me of JJ's little speech on Mystery Boxes. It's like "Oh we have Nazi Zombies, isn't that crazy? But we have something even crazier behind this wall..."
One of the most boring and generic trailers I've seen. It's like a computer program made it.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAOdjqyG37A
Was hoping this wouldn't be zombies and would be more supernatural. 
Blockbuster budget B Movie. Why not?
Hold up so its not a movie of overlord anime? 

WHO IS FITZ?
Millennial Film Director: "Is ACDC old enough to be World War II?"

Me: "Uhhhhh....No"

Millenial Film Director: "Whadda YOU know. Old is Old. Put it in"
Looks cool but for some reason AC/DC felt very cringy.  Not sure why, its normally great for a trailer, especially action.
Passsss
Get paid Black man. Get Paid
not the overlord i was expecting... hahahah i was all excited OOOH AN OVERLORD MOVIE?! unfortunately no ainz sama... :(
Band of Wolfenstein 
This looks dumb as hell.

I love it.
This looks interesting but why use Hells Bells for a WWII era movie?
I gotta say, that AC/DC song ruined the trailer for me. I love that band but i think the trailer would have been better with a more serious tone. But whatevs.
Now how the hell is this going to connect to Cloverfield? 
BAD trailer, but I’m interested in the premise. The music seemed off and they kept jumping back to serious scenes that had a completely different tone. 

I’ll probably see it because I like horror and J.J. Abrams, but the trailer doesn’t make optimistic. 
People love to complain about stupid shit. 

"AC/DC for a WWII theme movie? WRONG ERA!"

Well, zombies aren't fucking real either, bitches. 

Plus, this movie looks stupid. The only thing I enjoyed from the trailer is AC/DC. 
Looks ridiculously cheap which is a shame. Based on the premise I was kind of expecting a more serious WW2 sci-fi horror, but the visuals in this look like one of the later Saw sequels and the CGI was laughable.
"Please don't let that be AC/DC in a WWII movie... aaaaand it's AC/DC."
How was this trailer both boring and annoying
not a fan of the tone so far, was expecting something along the lines of a lovecraftian story, but i guess we are just getting another story with zombies or a type of animalistic human threat, kinda disspointed but we will see when the film comes out
Wild so at first I was like, oh interesting a WW2 movie; then the main character was introduced and I was like...ok well a blackwashed fictionalized version of WW2 maybe?

(there were no African American para-troopers on D-Day source: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/nbcblk/remembering-d-day-s-african-american-soldiers-veterans-day-n682016)

Then boom music changes, and there's like frankenstien zombie shit. OH Totally not a historical WW2 movie; complete fantasy!?!

Then....does this tie into Cloverfield?

Then I saw JJ comments that it doesn't and was upset...

Then I realized JJ might be lying.

I'm ready for it.


History books confirm that the whole French Resistance actually consisted of only one 17 year old Normand babe.
JJ is making B movies now, nice.
> From J.J. Abrams 

Alright, I'm out. 
I stopped about a minute in, but looks okay. Not a fan of the computer game looking stuff early on though.
I'm surprised that this sub isn't raging on the soldiers not just being white males like the Call of Duty and Battlefield trailers had for their newest games.
Sorry to be that pedantic history guy - but were there any instances of mixed-race airborne units that early in WW2 (or at all?) I thought they were only part of the 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion which never actually made any jumps during WW2. 

**InB4** *Buh there wurnt aneh zombie nazi soldiers eithuuhhhrrr!!* Yeah.. obviously, but I assume the premise of the movie starts as a realistic portrayal of operation overlord. 
This trailer is so amateur
Started watching and was like "Ugh, so many historical inaccuracies already" and then I saw the zombie looking guy and immediately thought "Oh nvm, this looks dope."  
[deleted]
With Jar Jar Abrams not writing or directing, it has a shot at being watchable. 
I feel like this had a secret rebrand of Cloverfield: Overlord (or Cloverlord) somewhere in the middle of production/post-pro, but then due to the backlash of Particle, dropped the name and ties.
Oh man! You had my curiosity. Now you have my waning curiosity. So fuckin' whelmed by this trailer. 
pass. Doom knock off.
There is only one true Overlord you bugs, Ainz Ooal Gown Sama forever!!!!
My boy Fitz finally getting some film roles. Extremely underrated actor.
Looks great!  Can't wait!
I was like "oh cool an operation: Overlord movie" then vampires, I'm excited. 
This looks absolutely insane. I am 1000% in. 
WWII paratroopers vs. Nazi zombies looks like a delightfully twisted horror-thriller.
Looks pretty good, but I didn't think AC/DC really worked for this trailer.
Looks good. Once again, seems the studios can't figure out what tone a movie trailer is supposed to have.
Wyatt Russell looks like the love child of his dad Kurt Russell, and Jason Clarke.
I was really excited to see a trailer for a new war movie and a bit disappointed to find that it is a horror.

That disappointment quickly turned into a different kind of excitement. I'll watch this.
Overlord: Operation Clover,
Overlord: Battle of Clover Fields,
Overlord: The Cloverfield Syrum,
Overlord: the Cloverfield movie you did Nazi coming. 
Edit: commas 
Cocaine played a big factor in choosing the music for this trailer.
Any movie with AC/DC in the trailer = on the watch list.
[Well I wasn't totally right, but zombie super soldiers are kinda demonic](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/7vcelr/official_discussion_the_cloverfield_paradox/dtr9xe4/)
It all seemed harmless
My guy Ian gonna be a star 
Nazi Zombies? Hmmm
This looks kickass
I'm hyped 
Hold on, are was that a gas chamber in the end? Being used to breed zombies?
I haven’t been this confused since impromptu middle school boners
"Dog Soldiers" meets "Resident Evil" meets "Black Hawk Down". I can dig it!
Looks like Wolfenstein﻿
Kind of glad that it's not taking itself too seriously. It looks like a good time. 
This seems vaguely reminiscent of Frankenstein's Army. It's a great body-horror movie. 
[It's literally this movie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEI-v5pdivA)
I'm up for the concept here, but I hate when people chop a song up in a trailer.

Like, either do a music video style trailer or don't. When you half ass it I can't get into the music nor can I get into the atmosphere/dialogue. Pick one. 
I've been waiting for this trailer to drop and I couldn't be more hyped. 

The casting director deserves all the awards. What a great roster of talented young actors. I can't wait to see them work together.
Hell ya! I've been looking forward to this since I first read about it.
Wolfenglourious Basterdstein
The quick bit where the guy goes "What did you do to me?" and then it looks like his head like...folds over or some shit  makes me want to see this. 
Wolfenstein the game. Im down
wtf is this and why do I like it
Return to Castle Wolfenstein.  I've been waiting for that movie adaptation like forever.  
I was going to complain about the out-of-place music but at least it was ACDC and not Kanye. 
Last scene reminded me of the creepy pasta "Russian Sleep Experiment". https://www.creepypasta.com/the-russian-sleep-experiment/
I knew absolutely nothing about this film when I started watching the trailer, so I was relieved when it became obvious that this wasn't a shitty *Saving Private Ryan* wannabe with AC/DC, but a silly zombie sci-fi flick that takes place during WW2.  

I can't say I'm terribly interested in seeing it, but I'm willing to give them a pass on period authenticity.  
This doesn't look much like a Cloverfield origin story...it looks more like a 28 Days Later origin story...
My theory on how this ties into the Cloverfield Universe...

The Germans made contact with the "Cloverfield" aliens at some point in the past, possibly in the form of an attack by smaller creatures similar to those that were seen in the first Cloverfield movie.  They knew that they needed to develop a weapon to fight back just in case the Cloverfield aliens decided to strike again, but they realized they didn't necessarily have the resources to create that weapon, or maybe they realized that conventional weapons weren't effective.  As a result, they decided to develop biological weapons by essentially turning humans into monsters (this may be possible by infecting humans with the DNA/blood of the aliens).

Not wanting to use their own people as the hosts of these weapons, a small organization within the German military decided to use WWII and the invasion of France as a front to capture use use the French people as test subjects for their weapon.

For continuity purposes, maybe the human/monster hybrids that are created by the Germans end up mutating to the point where they "connect" or form some kind of hive mind that follows directions/orders from the aliens.  The hybrids end up disappearing after they run off to find their "Overlord", which turns out to be a larger Cloverfield alien similar to the one in the first movie.  Once they make contact with their Overlord, the latch on or fuse with the Overlord's body, where they lay in wait to basically be used as "parasite fighters" by their Overlord in larger engagements involving a larger population.

&nbsp;

**Edit:**  Maybe the main research and knowledge that the Germans had on the aliens and the hybrid weapons was lost at the end of this movie, so the US was never able to figure out what happened.  They may have found some information on the aliens and the effects of what happens to humans when they come into contact with the aliens or they get bitten/attacked.  This may help explain the actions of some of the higher ranking military personnel in the first movie, as well as the speed at which the military was able to mobilize and set up various support hubs (like the field hospital that almost looked like it had already in place at the time of the attack).  I'm guessing they probably expected to be fighting against the smaller alien creatures, but they never anticipated an attack by the Overload-class alien.
I was expecting a story about conquering the world in the name of evil.
With our goblin hordes wrecking havoc and mischief, and spreading the name of their Overlord.

You know, just like in the games..
So this will have a tie to Cloverfield right?
So Wolfenstein?
this is cloverfield btw
This is the 4th Cloverfield movie
This looks like something straight out of a video game. Like, if this was actually based on a game, it would be the best video game movie ever made. 
Looks gooood
Needs more BJ Blasko
Well this looks pretty fun!
So.. this is the next Cloverfield movie, right? The next one is supposed to be an army film that takes place behind enemy lines during WW2. And this is by Bad Robot with J.J Abrams producing.

Right? Yes? No?
I didn't see one fat demon or a mistress in the whole trailer! 
This is the one that's tied to the Cloverfeild universe  right?
Really took a turn with this adaption I gotta say.
Is this based on the videogames or the anime which is based on the manga?
It's a movie about Demiurge Happy farms. 
Just a montage of buffing before his cameo:

"*Illumination*"
"*Greater Focus*", etc...
You’re forgetting my boy Fitz.
Wolfenstein/Nazi Zombies, the movie. 
What actor from Black Mirror is in this film?

Been a little while since I've seen the show.
It'll probably end up being a better Wolfenstein movie itself than an actual Wolfenstein adaptation, if that makes any sense. 
BloodRayne vibes as well. (the first game, not the Uwe Boll bullshit).
>There are only 4 of us

Zombies, 2 white guys, a black guy, and a girl

This is Left 4 Dead The Movie
Wyatt Russell. He's awesome in Linklater's Everybody Wants Some.
He used to play for the Richmond Sockeyes in BC, Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn had a house here. 
Yeah, it's *really* striking how this comes off as a Wolfenstein fanfic script in a high level production. 

Not the newest Wolfensteins with their more brooding tone, but something around the 2009 and 2001 games.
I'm 22 hours late, but have my upvote.
It's not a Wolfenstein movie without Til Schweiger as B.J. Blazkowicz

That's Kurt Russel's son. He was also in 22 jump street.
Nah it's a Death Stranding prequel.
I kept waiting for B.J. Blazkowicz to show up.
He gave a taste when he was pretending to be Daisy's boyfriend on that train that one time.
I'm not surprised. That dude can ACT
Fitz can do *anything* if he puts his mind to it. 
The fact that he's in this made me much more excited for this film. He really has the charisma to be a lead actor. Though I'm sure he won't get a big acting moment or a lot of screentime based on the trailer. But, small steps.
I might see this just to support him. That dude is an amazing actor, he deserves more roles
Fitz crossed the universe for Simmons and brought her back, you think he can't do an American accent?!
He's a British actor, they can all do that.
He did one in AoS
Saving private ryan meets resident evil
The old synopsis that I saw a while back made it seem a lot more Eldritch than this trailer gave on. Hoping that it kept that
I knew he was up to something when he [died suddenly in agents of shield he was a pretty great actor in that, nazi fitz was best fitz](#spoiler) 
For the glory of Nazarick!
low key thought this was a western adaptation of that...
Find this comment and wasn't disappointed
Context for the confused: this is a reference to the [Overlord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overlord_(novel_series\)) series of Japanese light novels, with a currently airing anime adaptation.  
Well, there *are* undead in it.
Obviously this movie is set in one of Demiurges's "farms"
AAAAIIINNNZZZZ OOOOOAAAALLL GOOOOWWWNWNNNNN!!!
I came here just for this.
Papi...
By any chance, do you know where I can find ch 38 and 39 that are correct. My manga app just repeats ch 37 instead of 38
Good to know I wasn't the only one who thought this was the anime Overlord lol. 
Is it 100? I'd have guessed 40-50 tops. 
CinemaCon reports say that R is pretty much guaranteed 
This trailer has a shot of a guy/zombie with an incredibly bloody and graphic hole right through his face. 
It very much is as of May. 

https://www.dreadcentral.com/news/273509/bad-robots-overlord-rated-r-for-strong-bloody-violence-disturbing-images-and-more/
Look at the trailer. Unquestionably R.
The inconsistent use of Hells Bells with pauses for dramatic timing was what made it the trailer seem strange to me. I feel like if they did not use that song the trailer would fit its genre so much better. 

Still looks awesome though. 

Also if one of the American soldiers infects himself to be a zombie to fight the Nazi Zombies at the end of the film, I will be severely disappointed because that is basically the ending of Dead Snow: Red vs Dead. 
Because... IT’S KILLIN’ NAZI’S TIME!!!!!
I mean, there’s only so many ways to make a trailer for a WW2 nazi zombie action movie. 
Hells Bells felt very poorly used and not the best choice.
OMG I was going to say I think this may be the poorest song choice for a trailer I have ever seen and I love AC/DC.
Really bad choice of music
Yea.. check you the new Patient Zero trailer 

https://youtu.be/Ab6rslFsr_M
I'm actually inclined to believe JJ when he says this isn't a Cloververse film. He's been very open since Into Darkness that the misleading marketing was a huge mistake.

[Plus he said it in the context of Overlord not being a Cloverfield film, but that they're working on a full Cloverfield sequel.](http://uk.ign.com/articles/2018/04/26/overlord-is-not-cloverfield-4-but-a-true-cloverfield-sequel-is-on-the-way)

Edit: Fucking typos.
Uhm what? Is this not a Cloverfield movie anymore? I remember when Paradox was released people kept talking that this is gonna be the next movie in the franchise.
If it was a Cloverfield movie, it should've been titled Cloverlord
10 Rue Cloverlord: the Paradox.
Didn't know about Ridley in Overlord, but there's a project that is allegedly Cloverfield, called Kolma, which is supposed to be a remake of a 2003 Israeli film.

Tagruato website has an article on some excavation around the Qumran.

Happy Cake Day btw!
It's not in the Cloverfield Universe. I've already seen it and this is a pretty weird trailer. Definitely not a fan of the music choice and it reveals a little too much.
I don't remember ever hearing Daisy Ridley being involved with this movie. She's set for a different Bad Robot movie called Kolma though.
Who cares.

The "Cloverfield universe" is a marketing gimmick. There's nothing connecting the films beyond a vague concept that they take place in the same place. It's just an empty mystery box.
Because it’s impossible for someone to realize a mistake and do their best to not make that mistake again.

It’s not a Cloverfield movie.
Looks more like it's in the I Am Legend universe. Not that I think it is but it looks like it.
Wasn't this at one point titled untitled cloverfield movie on imdb
JJ said previously that the next Cloverfield film had already been filmed, and referred to this. So he previously called this a Cloverfield film.

Now he says it isn't. It is the opposite of how the last two films were converted into Cloverfield films at the last minute, when they decided suddenly this would be better without the Cloverfield brand.
It could've been For Whom the Bell Tolls, but it's always hell's bells. :(
I suppose it wanted us to feel like this is an action horror movie? It didn't work on me though and made me dislike the trailer
If it were a traditional ww2 movie it obviously wouldn’t work but it’s a horror action movie with zombies, acdc fits well in my opinion 
Hells Bells is a reference to the NAZI secret device called the Die Glocke.
Not straight to netflix :(
Though it looks like I will be disappointed, I don't want him to die in this. He's suffered enough in AoS.
If you get a chance, find a way to see *The Fades* from BBC (6 eps). It is the first thing I saw him in, and it was amazing.
Have to say, it's making me really happy to see so much Fitz love in this thread. He really became the MVP of that show and Iain is a great actor. He needs to be in more things.
Things have gotten weird for Fitz since he left SHIELD.
Lol just in case you're still curious no there wasn't. They also didn't draft people into the airborne like the trailer seems to imply "here I was mowing the long and suddenly a letter from the US army shows up". They were an experimental unit at the time and made up of volunteers. The only African divisions to fight was the 92nd and they fought in Italy not France. They were nicknamed the Buffalo soldiers. 
I'm shocked that this is the only comment mentioning Outpost.  
LMAO
Black soldiers were not allowed to serve in frontline combat roles in the US Army, and were kept in segregated units. They would never have been allowed to join one o the Airborne divisions
Plus it implies he was drafted but I’m pretty sure u.s. airborne were volunteers only
[deleted]
boy I sure hope this nazi zombie movie makes sure to get its historical racism right
Not to mention the paratroopers was all volunteer, so he wouldn't have gotten a letter being told he had to jump out of a plane. 
Also no way a paratrooper was trained in 3 months flat.
It's a fictional movie, sweetie.
A lot of WW2 media has de-segregated militaries these days but as long as it's not a documentary or anything I think it's fine.
He's good in everything I've seen him in. 
He's busting right through that ceiling bro 
One of my favorite actors. Loved him in Everybody Wants Some!! Something about him just makes me happy. Come to think of it, same for Kurt Russell. Just some chill, charming happy dudes in that family.
I can see why they did it, The want to play up the insanity of the premise. The idea is probably to disabuse any notion of a serious WW2 drama. Having said that I see there are people in this thread complaining about historical inaccuracy and revisionism so either they didn't do quite as good of a job as they could hove or humanities critical thinking skill have degraded even more than I thought...
I'm actually the opposite... it looks like a good time. 
I don't think it actually looks too action-heavy. That vibe comes across from the way the trailer's edited as opposed to the footage itself.
too be honest, it looks better than what i expected. i'm pretty sure the action is just for the casual audience while in a few days/weeks there's probably going to be some sort of ARG for the fans.
you won't see it
These trailers are always done before the CGI is finished and people bitch about them every time.
I'm getting downvoted for saying the same thing, so I'm glad to see I'm not the only one.

This site makes me question my eye sight.
overfield is shaking
It's not connected to Cloverfield. 
Abrams is just a producer and said Cloverfield is like Twilight Zone where they are separate stories. The quality of one is not necessarily indicative of others.

For example, Tales from the Crypt had an anthology format as well. The first film was quite good, and the second was terrible camp.
The scene of them diving into the water was...a choice. 
It's not like WWSS was some completely original idea...
The paratroopers also weren't conscripted, and I don't think someone would be that unprepared or unwilling that they had to be pushed.

Its a valid point to raise. I think its disrespectful of the men who had to endure the segregation, and I worry what people raised on this sort of colourblind media will then think when they read about the Civil Rights Movement - if all they've ever seen are stories where everyone got along then what was everyone protesting about and demanding laws to protect people from, makes it real easy for the rightwings complaints about the civil rights movement to sound legitimate.
I'm sure there will be some quick explanation -- it's a "secret mission," the black guy has some special skill or training which necessitated bending the rules, etc.
> I assume the premise of the movie starts as a realistic portrayal of operation overlord.

I doubt that
[there were tons of mixed-race units](https://pmcvariety.files.wordpress.com/2018/05/screen-shot-2018-05-23-at-4-35-40-pm.png?w=1024&amp;h=578)
I also didn't know it took less than three moths to train paratroopers.
I'm 99% sure this was a Cloverfield movie until the failure of Paradox. Up until a few months ago it was being reported as such, then JJ Abrams announced a true Cloverfield sequel and that Overlord wasn't in the universe. My guess is Paradox flopped and Paramount told JJ to make a real sequel or the universe is done.
HEHE!
OVerlord is not a cloverfield movie
Cloverlord
I can dig it
Thanks for the suggestion!
Was thought to be, but then J.J. Abrams said it wasn't. Cloverfield not being in the title pretty much means it isn't.
Was thought to be, but then J.J. Abrams said it wasn't. Cloverfield not being in the title pretty much means it isn't.
Instead of playing a fantasy MMO in the future, they are playing [Battlefield](https://i.amz.mshcdn.com/hr9O4A81A2pYKG4cPlz7MDwls7o=/950x534/filters:quality\(90\)/https%3A%2F%2Fblueprint-api-production.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Fcard%2Fimage%2F779460%2F4f264d0b-5cb9-4025-afcd-c729ff7ceeff.jpg) X and playing on the nazi side before ainz was transported there.
Technically the anime and manga are based on a series of light novels
Fitz never left earth. He was sent back in time to stop another branch of HYDRA. 
Fitz is fighting zombies in World War 2. Agents of Shield got weird...er.
It was fitz?? So stoked, 
Spoilers from the trailer: too bad we see him die
Guess you never played OLD BLOOD.
> Nazi Zombies, the movie.

"Dead Snow" on Netflix.  B-movie, but fun in a *"lol-wtf-this-is-stupid kind of way."*
Stop - I can only get so excited.
It's basically Outpost.
Wyatt Russell. Very solid, typically supporting actor. He was in Everybody Wants Some, Ingrid Goes West, Shimmer Lake. 
> Wyatt Russell 

He's in the S3 Ep2: Playtest
You see, I know film adaptations of video games have a notorious track record, but if there was a video game that could work as a movie, it’s Wolfenstein more than any other. If someone with a style like Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez or David Leitch was directing it that can handle both the over-the-top action and the emotional side of it, it *can* work.
The same way Bright was the best Shadowrun movie we'll ever get.
He also had an American accent in that movie Ryan Gosling directed, *Lost River*.
His acting in the episode in season 3 with the LMD's is some of the BEST acting on a free to air show.

I expect good things from that boy
Even though horror isn’t the movie genre I enjoy, I really hope Ian De Caestecker does well in this movie. I remember Fitz was written around the first half of the last season becuase he was filiming this movie. They still gave him a great plotline, but when Agents of Sheild does end I hope his career blows up and this movie could help
In my opinion his season 4-5 arcs on shield have been the best character arcs I've seen on any tv show. I really hope he gets a leading role in a bigger blockbuster because he has been stellar and I can't wait to see more from him.
[Look at my muscles, look at my muscles.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=iqqfgijZfvc)
Okay I gotta be the one....who is this "Fitz" everyone on here keeps referring to? (Serious question)
I am hoping his role is going to be somewhat beefy seeing that he chose to shoot this movie over AoS at the beginning of S5 (You can see that he is mostly missing from the first few episodes). 
Tell that to Benedict Cumberbatch and Michael Fassbender. 
Lost River too
Ainz ooal gown
and the Sorcerer Kingdom!
For the glory of ~~Naza~~ Nazi-rick!
I was *horrified* for the few moments I thought that.
That would be horrible, they would have some A-celeb play ainz and then have him be in human disguise all the time and he would never wear his helmet when he wears Armour.  It would suck so bad.
[https://www.mangareader.net/overlord/38](https://www.mangareader.net/overlord/38)
The anime is far ahead of the manga right now just so you know, so if you want to see what happens next it might make more sense to jump.
Classic PG-13. 

Jk. 
And I heard that at least one of the zombies hang dong.  
And Doom. And 30 days of night. 
Honestly it gives me like an action/horror mashup feeling.  A Nazi version of Zombieland combined with an SCP article.
I *hate* when trailers are set to recognizable songs but awkwardly hit the pause button on them every six seconds to make room for a one-liner or something. Music has this thing called rhythm, but I guess trailer editors aren't familiar with the concept. 
And Doom.
My guess is the heavy metal soundtrack was meant to evoke a sequence in, well, Heavy Metal.
Also the ending to 30 days of night. 
And the DooM movie
Looks like nazi zombies the movie 
Even though I went in knowing there would be Hell's Bells, the bells still made me think For Whom The Bell Tolls.
And Zombieland already did that.
Overfield lol
Also the interest of making those movies part of Cloverfield is the shared brand name. That's why so many people got interested in 10 Cloverfield Lane because it had the name in the title. There it's not, so I'm pretty sure he's not lying.
"Guys, there won't another Death Star in TFA,I promise. You see, it will be very original" - JJA

He could just slap on a scene where the Nazis got their zombie science from researching "ancient creatures" and mention a "coming invasion" and this could be need next Cloverfield movie.
When a movie gets "Clover-ized", it's like rolling the dice if it'll be good or not. It worked for 10 Cloverfield Lane because the story and characters were solid. Everything there was small and contained and it made sense in the end to be a Cloverfield movie.

Paradox just had so much going on, and made the universe so much more confusing in an unnecessary way. I could see Overload going in that same direction if it was a Cloverfield move. I think JJ is making the right move by having people dedicate some time to make a true Cloverfield movie. It's the way to go to keep the franchise from going to shite.
[deleted]
I don't think this one is. The whole *Cloverlord* thing was talked about before Paradox was announced or even known about. There was a lot of speculation about it but there was never anything confirmed. I could be wrong, I didn't follow the whole issue.

Abrams said they're making an actual sequel, so I don't see why they would lie about this not being one.
It was supposed to be, but I think after Paradox failed, they probably changed direction
People love speculating that the next Bad Robot movie is a Cloverfield movie.
They backtracked it after Paradox was junky iirc. Disappointing, bc this looks promising.
Movies over. Fade to black. Overlord fades in. Then a CL. 

Damn it JJ you did it again!
Do you have any more info on this?
The music is completely wrong
Did you like the movie?
How’d you feel about the movie?
> It's not in the Cloverfield Universe

So there's no aliens in this one? That's like half the reason I wanted to watch this in the first place. It still looks like a fun movie, I guess.
Yeah that sucks. We pretty much know now that [Spoiler](/s "fitz dies in the movie.")

I hate when trailers do this. 
To be fair, people had seen 10 Cloverfield Lane before it was ever a Cloverfield movie too, although I do believe this isn't one.
To be fair, you wouldn't know that 10 Cloverfield Lane was in that universe without the title and the adress or that Cloverfield Paradox was in it without the monster and the title. Both movies have been made into Cloverfield movies at the last minute to exploit the brand. There's no interest to keeping it hidden if it's part of it but it can totally be retrofitted to be one from what's you've seen.
I know, the whole Clovefield universe thing is just so bizarrely stupid.
Anybody can makes changes to IMDB. 
ya i remember reading like a year or two ago that the next cloverfield movie was either officially called Overlord or it was the project name. And was set to be released after Paradox (i forget what they were calling paradox it before it released on netflix). So either JJ is lying or they abandoned tying it to the cloverfield universe after the reception of paradox.
Zombieland already has the For Whom The Bell Tolls slot in the Zombie Movies with 80's Rock Bell Songs Cinematic Universe. The ZMw8RBSCU.
Felt like a video game trailer. But to be fair, I'd play the shit out of a video game like this. 
I cant feel my legs 
For. Real. But i'll still be happy, hopefully it opens up more stuff for him.
Thanks I'll check it out man!
100% agreed. I'm only going to see this in the theaters because of Iain De Caestecker. I desperately want to see him in more stuff. Dude is a solid actor and deserves more jobs.
Nor do you get drafted, complete basic and airborne training, then cross the Atlantic by ship all within three months.
You’re right for the most part, but there were black paratroopers by 1944. The Triple Nickels (555th Airborne) were trailblazers that helped lead the shift to integration within the military. They were never sent to the European or Pacific theaters, but were charged with thwarting Japanese balloon attacks on the West Coast in 1945. Many members also went on to form the 2nd Ranger Infantry Company, an all black special operations force during the Korean War.
>Black soldiers were not allowed to serve in frontline combat roles in the US Army

92nd and 93rd Infantry Divisions and also 332nd Fighter Group were the segregated African American combat units. The 92nd and 332nd saw combat in North Africa and Europe. The 93rd saw combat in the Pacific.

And the 442nd Regimental Combat Team was comprised of Japanese Americans. It saw combat in North Africa and Europe.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/761st_Tank_Battalion_(United_States)#Combat_record
No, they were drafted after a certain point. Nearly everyone was because the U.S. mostly got rid of volunteering. The theory was that the manpower needs of the military had to be balanced with the manpower needs of the economy. The Arsenal of Democracy was a very real thing.

I'm not sure if there were no airborne draftees in the time period, but there were certainly no black airborne soldiers. But it's a movie.
Yeah, I was at first questioning the authenticity of having a black paratrooper but then saw the zombies and said, "Zombies? Oh, okay, fuck it. Let's have some fun!"
The Civil Rights Movement campaigned and fought to end things like that segregation.

Media like this that tries to be colourblind about the past pretends that never happened.

What then will people raised on this media think of the Civil Rights Movement and its history?
So if zombies are not real, they can just have them carry iPhones in WW2? What logic is that? Don't ask me to suspend disbelief for something that doesn't serve the story. 
Also no way that the nazis could actually make zombies
I'm not your sweetie, pal.
I will, its just not what i thought it was gonna be. Think of it like drive. Drive is an awesome movie but it was nothing like the tone of the trailer.
people always say this and then the CG is as bad in the final movies
I dunno. The few examples I can name off the top of my head are Kingsman, Kick-Ass 2 and Black Panther.

People pointed out the shoddy CGI in those trailers and the final product didn’t change much at all. 
Well, it's whoever produced the trailer's fault for putting in shitty, unfinished CGI shots in.
It's honestly astounding that they even chose to add that shot in the trailer.

Why didn't they start the trailer in the French village in the first place?! Why show a scene that's obviously incomplete?!
Ubërfield
Difference is: The Twilight Zone was undertaken with the creative vision to produce unconnected scifi, mind-bending, thrilling short films. JJ made a great monster movie, then realized he could sell sub par, low-budget movies by sticking the Cloverfield branding on top like a little martini flag in a bowl of doggy doodoo and calling them episodes in an anthology.

Imagine if James Cameron decided to expand the "Alien cinematic universe" by buying up half-decent-to-shitty scifi scripts or finished movies and throwing in a few references to Weyland and Xenomorphs to the script or just in post production. Would you be satisfied? I wouldn't. I would say "you're trying to trick me into seeing bad movies, James Cameron."

Oh, and also, the "explanation" for the events in the Cloververse was terrible. Without spoiling it (you aren't missing anything, though), the way he did it allows them to literally make any movie and say "this is a part of the Cloverfield universe." Because of something involving multiverses that I won't spoil, they could according to the in-movie explanation make a high-school romantic comedy, throw a few Slusho logos on backpacks and skateboards and sell it as "Cloverfield High." It's pretty fucking dumb.

I won't watch another Cloverfield "sequel" on opening night again, even if it's straight to Netflix I'm assuming it's going to be a waste of time unless it gets good reviews. Paradox was that bad.
Yeah... I hope that's some unfinished vfx. Nothing really felt cinematic at all... I got more of a tv movie production vibe.  Oh well... guess I'll just play old blood instead. 
Yeah, exactly. 
Black ops
> I'm sure there will be some quick explanation --

Hopefully. Revisionist history is getting worse and worse. 
It's pretty common knowledge that women, blacks, and vikings all fought for the British in WW2 though.  ^/s
lol, yeah I forgot about the units made of amputee women. Unfortunately kids are going to grow up believing this stuff now. 
> My guess is Paradox flopped and Paramount told JJ to make a real sequel or the universe is done.

We can only hope.  In this climate of endless remakes and sequels, is it too much to ask that we just get one proper sequel to the original *Cloverfield*?  I enjoyed *10 Cloverfield Lane* for what it was (ending aside) but it really had no business being branded as a *Cloverfield* movie.  The less said about *The Cloverfield Paradox*, the better.
Sure.  Non believer. 
Gawd dammit
The Monolith wasn't done with him. 
Eh, at this point I think it would actually be a step down. 
Han Solo style Fitz fighting the zombies like he did the Kree is all I want.
Yeah, he is one of the soldiers.
Didn’t 3D have zombies as well? I thought old blood just tried to be a remake of that game.
I wasn't completely sold on the new Wolfenstein entries. But I've heard many good things, so I'll probably give them a go. 
all we need is a piss break to connect these two universes
Yeah, a cult classic. But I'm more excited for Overlord, because it's WWII setting with soldiers vs Nazi Zombies. Dead Snow focused on stupid kids, haha. 
Dead Snow 2 on the other hand is a goddamn masterpiece of Norweigan black comedy.
I was super pleasantly surprised when I found out like a month ago he’s Kurt Russell’s son. I had liked him for a while now and that shit just blew me away.
> He was in Everybody Wants Some, Ingrid Goes West, Shimmer Lake.

I haven't seen any of those films. But I do remember him in Black Mirror now that I was reminded of him.
I would love it if they cast Wyatt in the inevitable Escape from NY reboot. Dude looks exactly like his dad and he's a good actor.
Loved him in Goon 2
He was also in the 2nd Goon movie. That's where I saw him first, then I saw him in Black Mirror and holy shit that episode was good. I loved the ending. 
Don't forget goon 2. Guy was awesome
Ah yeah, Kurt Russell's kid.

Thanks.
From 22 Jump Street, too.
[John Cena really wants that Oscar.](https://orig00.deviantart.net/2bcb/f/2015/075/d/0/wolfenstein_movie_fan_made_poster_by_niteowl94-d8ly2wt.png)
It's crazy the amount of characters he played. The evolution of his character is nuts. And season 4 was an incredible amount of acting from him.
When he's screaming at the monolith to get Gemma back was amazing
I assume you mean [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qf1YPcHBfWk)... one of my favourite scenes of the show.
The Doctor meets The Doctor. 
...what? Is the whole movie...like that? Lol
What

the shit

was that
Leopold Fitz, a character from the T.V. show *Marvel's Agents of Shield* played by Iain De Caestecker.
Fassbender’s Irish. :)
> Tell that to Benedict Cumberbatch

And ask him to say "penguin".
Penglings
Was very relieved to see that this was not a live action adaptation. 
With Scarlet Johansson playing Ainz... 
It’s still the same as ch 37 :/
Ugh 30 Days of Night is such a good movie until the end. The same cant be said for Doom, it was all bad.  
And Van Helsing.
Yup I think it set the tone well. With a different song you might notice how videogamey the premise is while its taking itself too seriously. Keep it fun and familiar, like A Knights Tale's choice in soundtrack.
Cloverlord
> "Guys, there won't another Death Star in TFA,I promise. You see, it will be very original" - JJA

at the risk of starting *another* star wars debate  

i'd love to see a source of where he said anything resembling this or if you're just looking to talk shit about TFA 
Does JJ saying anything about what something is or isn't still have credibility? I'm not sure we Khan trust him.
I think it was *going* to be but then Paradox sucked a big one so they just bailed on it and kept the placeholder name in hopes of selling it as its own thing.
It's gonna get real bad when the next Mission Impossible turns out to be a Cloverfield movie.
That’s all I know unfortunately
I also don't like the text throughout the of the trailer. Definitely a disappointing one. 
Yeah, it was a poor choice. I would have gone with [something like this](https://youtu.be/d1itZiNY5pY?t=78). Maybe tweak it a little, but something era appropriate.
Yeah and the official trailer needs to be better than whatever this was. 
An enjoyable and good ride with thrills and surprising creeps. 
Wolfenstein
I don't feel so good, Mr Colson
Mac, I can't feel my legs

=(
Cool. I wish they made films about those, I would be interested in them.
TIL about this. Thanks
Pretty much my thoughts as well. 
It's a zombie film lol
> What then will people raised on this media think of the Civil Rights Movement and its history?

They would think that it's a fictional movie that cast the best available actor in the lead role and probably doesn't represent historical fact, like most non-idiots.
This back and forth is the synthesis of every thread regarding BFV on r/battlefield for the past month.
My point is more that you're a moron if you think "black soldier is main character in ww2 movie" ruins the movie for you. Just a complete and utter garbage person.
*cough* Black Panther end fight *cough*
I was going to say, a movie in a multi-billion dollar movie universe/franchise like Black Panther had some terrible CGI, why wouldn't a random Bad Robot movie?
I presume they wanted it to look big, have a little of that epic blockbuster flavor.

But like you said, it just looks unfinished.
[deleted]
>Revisionist history is getting worse and worse.

It's just a movie. Literally with zombies / vampires in it. If you're looking for realism, I don't think this one's for you.
> It's pretty common knowledge that **disabled** women, blacks, and vikings all fought for the British in WW2 though. /s

FTFY
Also go read the light novel. Its incredible! And so many details are missing from anime/manga. Its a great read.
The cosmos hadn't cursed him enough
yes, the older games have a more paranormal theme, than the current games.
I haven't gone that far back sadly. 
New Order and Old Blood are both good and totally worth playing. Nothing will ever capture the feel of RTCW (an all time fav of mine), but they're good in their own way.

New Colossus, well, I didn't finish it. Maybe it gets better later in the game but the beginning was a mess. There is some gold in there (hitler pissing on everything), but overall I was pretty meh on it.
just be careful, they run like a bitch if you have an amd gpu
Funny thing it seems to lore in movie almost matches old blood.
> Finnish 

ಠ_ಠ
Yes! I watched them back to back and with the first one I thought, "ok that's not too bad. I can see why people like it." 2 was just awesome.
This seems stupidly obvious in hindsight now I look at that jawline.
Goldie Hawn, too. Some people are just born lucky.
Ingrid Goes West is great, definitely check it out!
22 jump street is where i recognized him from. 
he's also in the hit sweedish blockbuster film, THe Pond.

He also starred in the Australian comedy, Ricegrove Ave.


Everybody Wants Some!! Is great, it's the spiritual sequel to Dazed and Confused (same writer/director) 
I had forgotten, until you brought it up. Brutal role. 
He was the best part of that one. 
Oh yeah, he was the Goon's nemesis! 
Wow TIL. He's Kate Hudson half brother.
Holleeeee shit that's why he looks so good with a beard. 
He doesn't slow down with season 5 either. 
dO SOMETHING
Yeah not the best choice of show for a live action adaptation...which is why I just clicked into the trailer to make sure haha.
ScarJo as Cocytus
Nah, she would either be Albedo or Shalltear, although she could also play Aura and finally play a cross dressed character. 
https://www.mangadex.org/chapter/410662/1
ah weird. 39 is there tho
The only thing I would change about 30 days is that final "fight" scene. It just looks so weird how the dude gets tossed around like a child for five minutes, and then JUST WINS with one punch. 
Doom is a blast.  I will stand by that until my dying breath.
I watched Doom for the first time a few months ago, and really enjoyed it. Idk why people vehemently hate it...
He's got luck on his side.
He said nothing but resembling that, you're right.
The point of those shared Cloverfiled movies is the brand name, they have no interest to keep that hidden.
Yeah I wouldn't be surprised if this was the case at all, Paradox probably made them rethink their strategy.
I was thinking COD World at War zombies
That's fine, and there are ways they could have minorities in it. Have members of Segregated units in it. The 92nd Infantry Division, the service and support units, the 442nd RCT, the Tuskegee Airmen. Being a zombie movie has nothing to do with pretending segregation and racism didn't exist, that's an artistic decision that is without merit and a slap in the face of the people who suffered under it.
Looking forward to the black Hitler movie. 
Tbh the whole movie was subpar with the cg
The end fight was rushed, unfinished CGI because they decided to change that fight late in development.
[Hmmmmmmm](http://i.imgur.com/WBluRCV.png)
The Point -----> ***.***


Your head-----> O
if you pretend history didn't happen you give ammunition to people who want to deny it
Thats one thing I miss from those games. I miss the occult stuff like Helga getting possessed/murdered by spirits or those freaky tesla-half human things
Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a little old now but it's still one of the strongest games in the series
this is what happens when you don't sleep enough, kids
2 also has one of my [favorite trailers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4lxuDI81iw), and it's one of the few movies to live up to such a great trailer. IMO, it sort of parallels Evil Dead and Evil Dead 2, in that the first movie is a little smaller and takes itself seriously and the second movie goes full on camp with higher production value. 
I have thought about it, but then never got around to it.

Always good with a reminder.
He wasn't in either of those things. 
Hollywood gets around 
The final episode in S05 it's great. He delivered. 
that scene gave me chills
It was a strange ending. I was secretly hoping everyone would die and the vampires would move on to the next town because that seems more realistic than a boss fight. 
I still love that movie but you have to know it is bad. 
Because aside from it being on Mars and featuring big guns, it was nothing even remotely close to the game series. The film indicated that the creatures were of an alien nature, completely deviating from the source material where the monsters are literally from Hell. 
It's a brand name built around being unexpected.
I would watch the shit out a movie about black Hitler. That would be hilarious. 
Sorry can't do that. Best we can do is Taika waititi in a Hitler mustache playing hitler.
I've heard it's touched up a bit for Blu Ray but I guess they couldn't have put the movie out any later. It was still showing at the same time as Infinity War at the cinema for a small while. 
[deleted]
OK really now. What point are you trying to make? Besides being set in WW2 this movie clearly isn't going for historical accuracy after all... its a movie about NAZI zombies, historical accuracy went out the window in the first draft of the script. Its called historical fiction for a reason, this isn't historical revisionism any more than Wallenstein intro is. Now I get that people get upset when historical movies get stuff wrong. It pisses me off too when movies like brave heart do well but Tora Tora Tora gets shit on but this isn't that case here. I don't complain that pirates of the Caribbean Isn't as historically accurate as master and commander because that's not what its supposed to be they are very different animals. 

Complaining about historical inaccuracy and revisionism in a movie about Nazi zombies is like complaining that your dog isn't particularly good at meowing.
Sure. Because that's totally what's happening here. 
I really liked the story to that one. Made me think of Hellboy
Actually, Russell really didn't. He's been stuck to Goldie Hawn like glue forever.
I finished episode 14 yesterday and was really impressed by him. 
That’s how it worked in the comics. They moved to a new town each time. 
It’s garbage but I have so much fun watching it, same for the first few resident evil movies
> One example is supposed to be evidence that there's some increasing level of "revisionism?

[Hmmmm](https://s15.postimg.cc/48s7x68zv/7-18-2018_12-58-55_PM.jpg)
That moment in the crypt when game goes from being WW2 shooter to horror game is still epic
Remind me, where are you at right now? 

The whole cast has really grown from when they started. I’m doing a slow rewatch from S01 and they look so different now. 
I feel the same way with but the Riddick movies. I just love watching them.
Season 5, episode 14. Yeah, Fitz and Simmons looked really young back in season 1. I have seen all of the Netflix Marvel shows and Agents of SHIELD is still my favorite Marvel show. Watching it at the same time as Luke Cage season 2 and it only showcases that show's flaws. 
Me too. Back at the beginning I didn't give a second thought to SHIELD. I saw the first season and dropped it for a while. But then I read that something happened regarding Winter Soldier and from then I was hooked. This show is proof that shows can grow and learn and be their own thing. 

The Netflix shows, on the other hand... I think they hit their stride in their respective S01. 
