Lol at all these folks talking about how *Overboard* was some untouchable masterpiece of 80s cinema. Reviewers didn’t really like it. Roger Ebert called it predictable and found it pretty uninspired and middling.

The only thing the original had going for it was the chemistry of the cast and it’s not like Anna Faris and Derbez can’t possibly deliver similar chemistry. Both are comedic actors people really enjoy.
The original is criminally under-rated.  This looks absolutely dreadful.  Hard pass.
Yikes this looks like a flat out bomb. 
This looks like a bust.
I haven't seen Eugenio Derbez in anything. 

What was nice about the first one is that Kurt Russel and Goldie Hawn were both popular, sexy and engaging actors. The original was more than an awkward comedy. Beyond the creepiness the original had a lot of heart felt, romantic and even dramatic moments. 

This trailer was mainly just awkward and uncomfortable. Might have worked better with different casting as well but I bet actors who were a better suit probably avoided the script. 
Wow, this appears to lack every ounce of charm the original had. 
Oof. Ouch 
The lead actor is really ugly--What a joke this movie is
Fuck people are hard to please! This looked good - Nice spin on the original too
Just saw this. Thank god for moviepass because it was horrible. cheap. generic. and bad. a total throwaway week at the movie. Sidenote, there is a LOT of spanish in the movie. SO much that you start to question the target audience. 
The original Overboard is my favorite movie.  That being said, I'm excited to see this one, although I doubt it will even come close to comparison.  It would have been cool if Goldie Hawn's daughter, Kate Hudson, Played the lead.  Although I think Anna Farris will be decent in this role.
[deleted]
Reviewers also didn't like Blade Runner when it came out. I think it's unfair to call it out based on reviews from 25+ years ago.
I half agree with you. I freaking love the original. But this looks fun.
He's huge in Mexico, probably the biggest comedic actor.
Please do yourself a favor and watch Instructions not included. Brilliant movie that unexpectedly pulls on the heart strings.
Im sure Derbez will be fine, but for some reason I see Aziz Ansari in that role and the movie does $100M+.
Didn't he used to be married to Angelina Jolie?
I know right. I will be honest, when I saw that he was the guy on the boat, I didn't think it would work...but the funny parts were funny. I'll see it.
I guess the gender swap is to make the film less rapey, because if it's a girl gas-lighting a guy that's okay.
Let’s not imply that Overboard had the same impact on cinema as Blade Runner, ok? 

The theatrical cut of Blade Runner WAS borderline terrible though. The narration completely ruined the movie. 
[deleted]
That's fair.

I have been exposed to very little mexican media. 
Okay, I will. 
[deleted]
On a personal level it had the same impact
No, it's not that easy. Of all the things that you have said, the most insulting is the attack on my sense of humor, but I think you are just a lonely troll and are easy to ignore. So, bye.
It’s not good TBH. I’m Mexican
Did you? How was it?
You have a really fucked up idea of what feminism is. 
[deleted]
I haven't watched it yet, the only movie I've watched since I made that post is Bright. I'll update you when I do watch it. 
[deleted]
Clearly.

I am nothing that you think that I am. I have a feeling that if our lives were compared you would walk away feeling really shitty about yourself thinking, "I have really done nothing with my life." You might just be right.
Did you? How was it?
This is a very generalized statement. There are plenty of feminists who are sane.
>These days ~~feminism has~~ people have a really fucked up idea about what feminism is. 

Feminism can't have ideas. Feminism is an idea. People have an fucked up idea what feminism is. Feminism: to define, establish, and achieve political, economic, personal, and social equality of sexes. That is it. It is not something that people can really disagree with without looking like an asshole. 
[deleted]
Lol I hope he’s seen it 
[deleted]
Again, made no assumptions. Also, you still don't know my education level or background. You seem to think that you know me, but every time you post something you are very far off. I am done with you little boy.
oh man idk how i became apart of this waiting experience 
See, the problem is you are thinking of the world the way that it should be, not the way it is. I think that all people are equal regardless of sex or race. Unfortunately, people are not treated equal based on their sex and race. Pointing it out and trying to rectify it is not "separating or compartmentalizing" people. 

It is a garbage agenda to try to make sure people are treated the same? I am going to guess that you are a white male. I find that more times then not (but not always) that when someone talks like you it is someone who never has had to deal with real oppression. 
[deleted]
The fact that you can use so many words and really say nothing speaks to your true ignorance. You can make assumptions about me all you want. Every single one of them have been wrong so far. Keep going. 
