Do my eyes decieve me or did I just see Jaegers attacking humans?
Now Boyega has played characters named both Finn and Jake
Looks like they cranked up the saturation 
It's very sunny.
Why is it this film went more full on Power Rangers than the Power Rangers film? 
[deleted]
When someone says ‘THATS WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT!!!’ In the trailer, it’s usually a bad sign.
I miss you, Guillermo Del Toro.
Just compare that trailer to the trailer for Pacific Rim 1

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5guMumPFBag

Night and day.
Get in the goddamn robot Shinji!
Transformers meshed with Power Rangers. It looks tonally so different from the original.
Did they just spoil a 3 kaiju fusion? 
That would have been awesome to see for the first time...
Oh no 
What the fuck is this soundtrack?
This movie is made for China.
Not feeling it. It seems that the physicality that made the first film's action so weighty and tactile seems lost here. 

I'll give it a go though, but expectations are low.
What's up with this recent trend of showing a 5 second trailer before the trailer you're about to watch?
Really don't like how the cockpit has motion controls now. I know it's the future and their technology has advanced, but it just seems like an excuse to be lazy and not have that kickass set they used before.
Man, whatever that song was, it completely ruins the trailer for me. 
Did the Precusors manage to salvage Gypsy to make Hybrids? Cause [these looks suspiciously a lot like Kaiju/Jaeger hybrids] (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352480316209758238/365903399478231041/image.png), given the blue coloration and spikes.
Is it me or do the buildings in the background look straight out of a mid-2000s video-game. Of course, this is still a trailer and maybe the CGI is still unfinished. 
Here is what Wesley Morris wrote in his beautiful review of the first film: 

"But what separates del Toro from those other directors is the joy he imparts to you. It’s the joy of a filmmaker who’s never forgotten that movies can do everything. It can make a Stacker Pentecost pre-battle pep talk seem vaguely like Henry V‘s St. Crispin’s Day speech. It can keep you checking the skyline for imaginary dragons.

The lasting image of Pacific Rim features a kaiju clamping its talons into a Jaeger and suddenly growing wings and taking off. All that airborne tonnage drops your jaw and waters up your eyes. On one hand, it’s probably just somebody’s computer. On the other, it’s a miracle."

Can you imagine someone writing that about this movie?
I don't think they could've picked worse music.... It was so out of sync with what was happening and repeated the same 6 words and 4 notes for over half the video.  
Are they playing night crawlers?
IDK. It doesn't look bad, but I don't feel anything.

- Boyega looks very generic. I don't get why coudn't they just get Charlie Hunnam back. At least in place of Scott Eastwood.(Why is he in all these big movies nowadays?) It seems like he's the only one from the first movie who won't be in this one.

- Why is there a teen girl? Is she a pilot?

- I really dislike some of the camera work. I can't recal any shots from the original like the one at 2:00. It was much more grounded which helped the CGI look more real. 

- The soundtrack choice is fuckin horrible.
I love the first movie, but I think this looks like trash.  

When robots in these movies stop moving like robots, it turns into a bad kung-fu movie with too much SFX. 

That last scene where all the robots got into their kung-fu poses with the shitty lighting made me wonder if this wasn't airing on Fox a half-hour after school gets out.  When is White-Ranger going to come and save the day?

Edit:  I don't mean to sound so negative, but this is almost distressing.  
Cringed at the weird War Ready remix, and the Tupac remix, what were they going for?? 
This... this is not looking good. Pacific Rim is one of my favorite action films ever. And this isn't what I wanted from the sequel. This looks too self-aware and cartoony. Too shiny. Too glossy. Too... lame. Power rangers and god damn transformers. 

And the first movie was silly as all hell but they didn't revel in that. They took it seriously and that's what made it so much fun. There was passion behind it. This looks like bullshit. 

The loss of Toro is unbelievably noticeable and either they botched the trailer bad or this director coming from marvel Netflix shows completely missed the point of the original film. We don't want fast-moving anime robots. We want lumbering behemoths that shake the earth with every step. 

They look tiny here. The scale is pathetic. I'm frustrated as fuck. Here's hoping the film isn't nearly as atrocious as the trailer with its fucking shitty remixed music and we get an actually original composition. Or is djawadi not coming back either? 
Meh.
I feel like this movie has been made more for Chinese audiences than American, just based on the way it looks. Which is not surprising. The success the first movie had in China is the main reason the sequel is getting made.
That background music was absolutely awful
GET IT ON TILL I DIE. 

GET IT ON TILL I DIE. 

GET IT ON TILL I DIE. 

GET IT ON TILL I DIE. 

GET IT ON TILL I DIE. 
I hope that horrible rap isn't in the actual film. It clashed with the visuals so badly.
Predictions:

- now that the breach is closed, they have time to actually improve and develop Jaeger technology, leading to a cleaner, sleeker look.

- everyone's got Jaegers but no monsters to fight! Guess we'll fight each other for political reasons. 

- uh oh, a breach opened in space! We gotta take care of new monsters

- oh shit there's one the size of the city we have to put aside our differences and unite to face it!

This looks so fucking dope. 
Everything about this smacks of broad, watered-down international appeal.
My problem with this trailer is the look like everyone else has said.  There seems to be a loss of scale and weight that made the first Pacific Rim feel more real.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hNVKNFsyu0&ab_channel=WarnerMoviesOnDemand

Watch the first movie trailer and notice the connection to giants and earth.  When things walk, smash, and destroy everything there is a much finer attention to detail.

Classic 'hot chick on a green screen trying to look in awe at the destruction around her'. Is this a Micheal Bay film?

And is it just me or are those cities in wonderful shape for having been through decades of rampaging monsters.

I'm a huge fan of the original. It has just the right amount of camp, cliched characters right out of any japanese anime, and not to mention amazing Kaiju and awesome robots. I can only hope this movie can at least partially hold up to Guillermo del Toro's amazing tribute to japanese kaiju movies.
I wish they had kept the super huge kaiju out of the trailer! That would have been a really cool surprise watching it for the first time instead of knowing it was coming ahead of time. 

I feel like I should just stop watching trailers altogether to avoid plot-points being spoiled.
I love how the fights are in the day time, has that Saturday cartoon feel
GLaDOS voice cameo or riot. 
That song in the trailer was a terrible choice. Ruined it for me
This looks terrible.
Good trailer, it really convinced me to not see the movie.

This actually looks like trash compared to the first.
[deleted]
What a terrible trailer song.
Out of place rap music? *Check*

Awkward 360 green screen shots shot in a studio? *Check*

Cheesy interchangeable one liners and motivational speeches? *Check*
It kinda looks more childish and cartoonish than first Pacific Rim and I don't like it.
Hoping Jaeger Bombs will be involved. 
Holy fuck that looks awful
Waiting for more. Will keep my hopes up but that music...
I never understood when they show these buildings getting fucked up and there's people in there having a conference call like it's a normal day. You'd think there would be like a 5 mile evacuation notice for all people. There's only a giant alien battle happening in your city, don't be alarmed.
Whenever they slam their fists together in that "ready to fight" pose, I bet there is a mechanic or two just fucking going mental in the hangar.

"Oh of course! Cause its not like the monsters bang the armor plating up enough, go right ahead and bang it together yourself too. Who do you think is going to be the one spending the next 2 weeks trying to pound that dent out with a jackhammer? Me That's who!"
On one hand, it definitely seems like the new Jaegers lost some of the weight that really sold me on the originals (especially Gypsy Avenger slamming its fists together), and yeah the plug suits look way worse. 

That said, I actually dig all the bright colors in general, and hope that they don't shy away from giving us really good looks at the action with all the daytime shots. Jaeger-v-Jaeger action could be amazing. Even if it does lose something from the original, it still looks like it could be pretty sweet in its own right. 

Either way, I'll definitely go see it when it comes out. 

(Edit: a word)
These 3 second teasers before trailers are incredibly annoying. Anyone else hate it?
So that one orange Jaeger is Hk-47 from swtor.
People complain when blockbusters do all their action in the dark where you can barely make out whats happening.

People complain when a blockbuster breaks the norm and has their action scenes in bright environments.

Theres just no winning with you guys.
That looks like garbage. 
Oh wow, it looks fucking awful.
They should call this movie "Pacific Rim Job" because it sucks ass 
This is feeling way too Michael Bay-y and too little del Toro for me right now. The scale feels non-existent and there's just so little in the realm of fun for me like the first one was. It feels less like an evolution and more like the first on steroids, but in a bad way.
Hard fucking pass.
This is definitely not a movie for me. 

It's just a bunch of green screen CGI with the actors doing synchronized swimming moves instead of acting... 
Enough with the:

Shot establishing location - **fade to black** - action packed scene - **fade to black** - protagonist face - **fade to black** - action packed scene - **fade to black** - protagonist face with narration.

So off putting. So so overused.
Well, being a huge fan of the first Pacific Rim, I was very whelmed by that trailer. Was not a fan of the super sunny atmosphere. Made everything look very... artificial.
Couldn't have picked a worse song to promote this.
I didn't feel like the music fit the trailer very well. 
Ya they're fighting eachother quite a bit in the trailer and dude says "**monsters** we created"
You mean in 0:46? It looks like Kaiju infested Jaegers (maybe some experiment gone wrong?) or maybe it's the aliens who are sending the Kaijus to us?
One of the rogue Jaegers seems to have red light emitting from the cockpit. Perhaps it is being controlled by some of the aliens and basically overriding the Jaegers' critical functions to use them against humanity?

It would make sense since Guillermo Del Toro did mention wanting to implement Kaiju-Jaeger elements in this film.
#*MATHMATICAL*
The fun will never end
Damn boye
Making pancakes making bacon pancakes...
Go on, tell your friends.
C'mon grab your friends,

We'll fight kaiju from

Distant lands
Star Wars does have an awful lot in common with Adventure Time.

Lots of cool swords.

Talking creatures with absolutely strange physical properties.

Young heroes running around doing stuff that is often completely above their heads

All sorts of different empires all over the place, with princesses (and at least one space princess, although the Adventure Time one's a little lumpy).



The entire tone looks too light and bright. Might be a fun film, but it looks radically different from the original.
"The Gang kills a Kaiju".
Which is funny.

When the first one came out, I heard so many fucking people saying, "Well, they took a shortcut by having everything take place at night, or in the rain, or underwater. It's like they were ashamed of the effects, or the fight choreography."

Which was never a *great* argument. I think it really overlooked the tone the movie was obviously going for. But at the same time, I see their point. The first one *was* a very, very dark movie, visually, and that can get a little boring after a while.

But, here, the sequel's brought everything out into the light, and now everyone's mad the darkness is gone.
It's Always Sunny in PacificRim
That's what happens when you go from GDT to Steven S. DeKnight :(
"We are gonna show everything man, full penetration, in broad daylight!"
As I said in the other thread, It looks like Transformers, Power Rangers, and the world looks like Big Hero 6 now. It looks nothing like the world Del Toro created, the beginning is so Transformers and it looks shot like it too.
YES. This looks a little Power Rangers-y both in tone and in look. The Jaegers and monsters don't seem to have the sense of heft that they did in the original. I mean they're big, but something feels missing. The sense of scale isn't there...and that sense of dream-like dread. I dunno. It's missing ALL of the Del Toro-ness. This trailer has made me very skeptical.
Unlike power rangers or transformers, the Pacific Rim guys seem to actually love Saturday morning kids shows.
Gotta keep in mind something important: **this is a trailer, not the movie**.

We sometimes see trailers that just horribly misrepresent the movie they're for. 

"Star Trek: ~~Discovery~~ **Beyond**" (thanks dudes for the correction) is a good example, with the initial trailers looking so much like a Fast and Furious sequel that Simon "Scotty" Pegg had to beg people to understand the movie was a lot better than the trailer showed (and IMO it was) and to give it a chance.
Appeal to a younger audience?
I stopped watching the first Transformers movie when the one robot took a leak, and never watched anything from the rest of the franchise.
'I HAVE GOT TO GET ME ONE OF THESE!'
'I COULD GET USED TO THIS!'
"NOW WE'RE TALKING!"
IT'S SHOWTIME!
"Booyah"
Dang, even when it’s Charlie Day. 
It's the movie equivalent of your doc coming in and telling you you have ball cancer
LOCK AND LOAD
So that's it huh? We're some kind of Pacific Rim Uprising?
"LETS GO KICK SOME -" cuts to major action scene to block out swear world.
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJ7OuC83QV8)
"MY TURN!"
Agreed, but you also can't really get away with saying "FUCK YEAH MUTHERFOCKERS SUCK ON THAT YOU BITCH ASS SPACE LOBSTERS" in a trailer
I feel pretty bad for him. He was lined up for a bunch of projects that he'd wanted to do for a while but didn't have the money, I guess. Now they've been cancelled or changed directors.

Silent Hills, Hellboy, Pacific Rim, Mountains of Madness

At least the animated show he's doing is getting rave reviews.
Yea....just watched the original last night (for at least the 5th time) and I cant help but feel seriously disappointed with this trailer. The actor/actress choices seem to not fit well(except maybe boyega) and the ENTIRE dark/saturated/neon lights look of the original is completely gone. That look made the film to me and was so unique, it felt like a graphic novel almost. A dark blue hue to everything, with super bright contrasting neon lights set the entire tone and they completely ripped that out of this one it seems. Worried. 
> Night and day.

Both literally and figuratively.
So true. Was worried with no Guillermo Del Torro. Going back and watching the first trailer, now I'm really worried.
God, you just reminded me why I love the first one.
The texture and detail on the jaegers in the old one are just gorgeous.... everything in the new one just looks so clean and shiny.
Man, that trailer was just so much awesomeness!
That one still gives me chills to watch. This new trailer was decidedly underwhelming.
> Night and day.

Heh.
Actual goosebumps watching that, what a movie! Just so well done in every way. The new one... hmm
Oh man that was is 100x better than this trash
Just off the top of my head, there's a lot more fighting in the ocean in the first trailer. 

That was a big part of establishing the tone of the first movie for me, humanoid Jaegers sloshing through chest-deep waters, fighting back both the waves and the monsters lurking beneath them. That first scene with the main character and his brother sloshing through the stormy ocean reminds us how out of their depth not only their Jaeger, but humanity as a whole is.

Also it's fitting that a movie named after the Pacific Ocean takes place in the *ocean*.

Most of the action in the new trailer seems to take place on land, which seems to favor more generic action-movie type directing. No more awkwardly fumbling around in the water, just slick action sequences without any encumbrances.
The new trailer lacks the "Repurposed oil tanker as monster whacking club" moment. 

It's trying too hard to be hip, cool and yet meaningful without the ridiculous fun of the first. There was something grim and necessary about the first movie but it didn't feel like it was trying.

The feel is different which worries me but who knows, could end up being great. Fingers crossed.
I didn't realize how many of the high points in the film were spoiled in the trailer, but it still doesn't feel like you've watched the film like so many other trailers. 
*sigh* spot on... I see a lot of people saying the new trailer looks transformer like... hoping that maybe it gets blended out into Gundam Wing? But I should keep my hopes at Bay
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.
* I mustn't run away.

Dude, when I saw the ending of Evangelion it was after a night of staying up way too late and binge watching. Credits roll and I'm sitting there trying to decide if I had just hallucinated the whole fuckin thing because I had no goddamn idea what was going on
I'm so fucked up......
I think I saw Asuka
Side note, am I the only one who is excited/worried about (hopefully) seeing the army of Sixer Evangelions fighting all the other mechs in Ready Player One?
*congratulations!* x 20
[Yui-kun approves this reference.](https://actar.files.wordpress.com/2008/09/img_1225.jpg)
AYANAMI!!!!
If he can't do it... REI MUST DO IT!!!


The orange one, especially in that "all 4 running to attack at once" scene near the end, looks very Eva-like. It has the shoulder pylons, segmented abdomen, and a pretty slim shape in general. Love it!
I agree completely that this trailer felt wrong, it had the classic over saturation and it felt regular cheesy not Del-Toro cheesy and I think all of us know that those are very different. 

Del-toro is a world builder. That son of a Mexican bitch knows how to craft a world that is whimsically magnificent. For all his faults with dialogue, he has world building. 

This did not feel like that, this felt like a very generic world with generic people. I am personally hopeful that this was a trailer thing and not a movie thing, because we have seen that all the time. 

Del Toro builds fairy tails and he understands how suspension of disbelief works for an audience and he knows exactly how to push that without going too far, which the first pacific rim did. This looks more like Michael Bay fan service that goes too far in most aspects and caters to everyone and yet no one. 
Yeah, with a little TRON in there.
Yeah and even holding onto the "evil" jaegers for later trailers would have been nice.
Why do they fucking show so much of the movies in the trailers?  Kind of kills my desire to see it now.
yep
2 Pacific 2 Rim
The first part is a really slowed down version of [War Ready by Vince Staples](https://youtu.be/owjoxWGLVok) which I find very off putting.
It made me think of the [Black Panther trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxWvtMOGAhw), with the Run The Jewels track. I wonder if they were trying for a similar effect. Except Black Panther did it well, and this one did not.
Yeah, that song choice was pretty terrible for this trailer.
* Waaaaar Ready.
* Waaaaar Ready.
* Waaaaar Ready.
* Waaaaar Ready.
* Waaaaar Ready.

Jesus stfu.
I know what you mean.  Compare it to the [original Pacific Rim soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sH_6iFYiryY), which, while totally badass by itself, is also a homage to the type of orchestral music used throughout Japanese cinema in the kaiju genre, such as the iconic [Godzilla theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6qAIaqK3_Q). 
garbage. 
Waiting for the fan edit with the original soundtrack 
I came into this tread to say this.  The original had deep thumping beats helping to set the tone.  Helped make it clear it was awesome giant robots vs giant aliens.

This trailer feels like someone asked their kid what music they liked and then went to an early lunch.

[The original for anyone that wants to compare.](
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5guMumPFBag)
That's the main thing I noticed too. Even Mike Bay knows to have orchestral.
Introducing female Chinese CEO type character and pushing aside the original Japanese female protagonist. Hmmmmmm......
It's like a studio exec said "How about we ditch the director who's going to be an expensive *artiste* and appeal to China and the western, YA crowd that goes to see all of the Maze Runner films"?.
Same. Plus new cast. Bummed cause I thoroughly enjoyed the first one.
Agreed, the more industrial look and the fact that the Jaegers in the original often crushed and broke things while they themselves judder & shudder just from moving really nailed home that these were incredibly huge machines that partially broke themselves while moving.

It was also helped that throughout most of the film (and even in the trailers) the camera style was very steady rather than shaky or angled. This gave you lots of wide shots and scene shots like when Gypsy walks over a pedestrian bridge in Hong Kong.

I know the argument is "Well it's in the future so Jaegers are more advanced" and while that's an acceptable 'in-universe' explanation it's come at the cost of style.
See, I was very worried that the weight would be lacking after seeing the cartoon-y look of the first pics.

The goddamn cartoony-ness is still there, but at least a few of the quick shots **seem** to have kept some of the weight.

Goddamn if I didn't prefer the visual aesthetics of the last one though, darkness and neon and scary blue for life.
Yes, that's what I couldn't put my finger on. It is like normal sized people moving around in a tiny city. It doesn't feel heavy or monstrous. 
First movie: Mech powers up slowly, slams fist together. Rain droplets shake off the chassis and rain down.  Truly. Massive. Mech.

Second Movie: The power rangers are here to save the day!
Its so they can put it in front of other youtube videos, so before the skip this ad option is available they can try and get you to stick around and watchthe whole ad
they put a trailer in the trailer just incase you planned on skipping the trailer. Been happening for a while now. 
It's pretty much lifted from G Gundam. They seem to have gone all in with the genre this time.
The Jaegers in PR were motion control too, though. They just had to hold that little circlet. It makes sense that they'd get rid of that thing once the tech advanced enough
Rewatching the first one though they really hardly showed the cockpit. You got closeups on the actors and one or two shots of the big mechanism they use to move. It was a really cool aesthetic but it could have certainly used more attention to “humanize” the pilots.

The trailer shows some crazy mixed reality stuff in the cockpit, that could be really cool.
[deleted]
Its a Tupac line thats been sampled and put over a generic movie trailer song

 Edit: here is the original tupac song https://youtu.be/RViRDVzKKKs
We should host a subreddit-wide poll to choose the worst trailer song.

Then again it may not make sense since we can proclaim the winner right now.
They probably had enough tech and data to make their own. 
Actually, I think it's due to the mind link between Charlie Day's character and that Kaiju brain. He looked into their minds and they looked into his.
The CGI is almost certainly not finished.

You can look at the first trailers of many CGI-heavy films and then see distinct differences in the final trailers.
The CGI is definitely not finished. These shots where probably specifically fast tracked to be done in time for the trailer, and still wouldn't be polished to movie level.
> The lasting image of Pacific Rim features a kaiju clamping its talons into a Jaeger and suddenly growing wings and taking off.

That was an audible 'holy fuck' moment for me, it had the same impact as when Caesar first spoke on the first Planet of the Apes movie. But what separated Pacific Rim from Transformer is how the fight scenes were very clean and satisfying. Because they actually [showed every punch and hits deliberately](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu3aovvTIj8), it feels a lot better than Michael Bay's confusing jump-cut shrapnel-fiesta. The Jaegers' fights seems more like [how Jackie Chan](https://youtu.be/Z1PCtIaM_GQ?t=1m25s) coordinates his stunts. 
Seriously, what is this music?
Hopefully one of the Jaegers has a toe knife
a lot of the first one was shot as if the camera was on board one of the helicopters flying around, there weren't a lot of unrealistic camera moves
Pretty much summed up my feelings about this trailer. Loved the first movie. Very meh about this one from this trailer. Also, does it look like the Jaegers have lost all the weight that made them so satisfying in the first one?
They tried to get him back but there were scheduling conflicts
Second on that terrible song choice.  Does nothing at all for me.
https://imgur.com/a/YHVbD

Yea the pilots are way younger this time... this trailer really killed my hype I was such a big fan of this first one.
I would've forgiven all the other problem, but the soundtrack is just sooo bad.

Might be the worst I have heard for a movie with a budget this large.
It looks like they're trying to make Pacific Rim into a superhero franchise.
Idk but It was awful 
Seriously, that felt like the audio equivalent of regurgitated codfish
Well said. I'd also like to mention the contrast between the mech designs here and the older one. These jaegers felt like they were designed to look as cool as they possibly could, and each of them felt a bit bland and similar-looking. The older one I felt like they had some sort of design philosophy that each jaeger adhered to, one that contrasted each one and made them felt unique gave each a bit of personality, beyond the colours they have and the weapons they used.
That's what's going on here; everyone is going for that Marvel look now.  After the Black Panther and Thor: Ragnarok trailers, everyone is just trying to emulate that and failing hard. 
When we saw images awhile back I was fine with it, I prefered the bulkier design of the originals but whatever. But after seeing them in motion they are just awful because of the movement being unrealistic and sleak looking.
> They took it seriously

It's fascinating how different people had wildly different impressions of the first film. To me, all the attempts at drama fell flat (except maybe Idris Elba's arc), and what I loved most were the parts they didn't take seriously at all.

I felt no connection to Charlie Hunnam. The "Gypsy's all analogue" moment was nonsense. But dammit, I *loved* the Newton's cradle, boat-as-a-baseball-bat, "ACTIVATE SWORD," and every single scene with Ron Perlman.

[Edit: for a less-harsh tone, changed the word for the analogue moment from "idiotic" to "nonsense."]
The music was really shitty, I couldn't focus on anything but how fucking bad it was as soon as it started with that lame ass fucking chorus. 
In the trailer for the original they showed them picking up the ship and using it as a sword. That was a holy shit moment for me and you could just feel the scale without trying to think too hard about it.

This new one? Eh.
>  We don't want fast-moving anime robots. We want lumbering behemoths that shake the earth with every step

This sums it up very well. We also experienced tragedy in the first film and I feel that any near tragic loss in the sequel will only be used for a happier defeat filled with fireworks and hugs in the end. Not the Pacific Rim cup of tea I was looking for. 

An ominous Godzilla type of music is what was needed. Now they just made it seem like a stop action movie.
The first Jaegers were like hulking WWII tanks. These are more like sleek SR-71 Blackbirds by comparison.
Your predictions have exactly the opposite effect on me. I couldn't be more uninterested in that plot.
In the first one, there is also an emphasis on... not destroying things. Holding the line out to sea, being proactive, and trying to keep the kaiju away from urban areas as much as possible because they were trying to save humanity

Not "missile into a building? Lol. K"
Agreed. The sense of scale is something that made the first one so awesome. You really got the sense of how big these monsters and machines were. This trailer seems like they’ve lost that. 
it's so they can sell their merchandise @ Toys R Us
Jaeger Bomb will be the title of at least one movie review.  I guarantee it.
"Unable to deploy. Not in the zone."
Pacific Rim had a darker but clear and visible color scheme and ambience, I'm pretty sure nobody was complaining about that
Or it's different people.
[deleted]
The problem isn't that the sun is out, it's that the *world* is bright.  The atmosphere and the universe is completely different from the one Del Toro created.
Makes sense. After the Kaiju where "Defeated", it seems only natural for humans to go back to fighting each other for domination, using their Jager's to wage war.
That's a line from the first movie though.
also there's smaller and faster kaiju 'infantry' now.
and that larger megakaiju where they seemed to fuse together.
Maybe even a Neon Genesis Evangelion type situation where Kaiju bodies are used as a base to build a new type of Jaeger on top of?
I heard that there might be Kaiju Jaeger hybrids.(Whatever scientist thought that was a good idea is a fucking idiot)
In your face, lumpy space princess!
RHOMBUS!
Math**e**matical*
Well, there's 12 or so episodes left and maybe a movie
ga
And a tendency for protagonists to lose arms 
I think you might have that backwards.
Yeah I already kind of miss [this](https://static.rogerebert.com/uploads/review/primary_image/reviews/pacific-rim-2013/hero_maxresdefault.jpg) aesthetic.
Honestly that seems like it would somewhat make sense. In the first film humanity was beaten down and losing. In this film they'd had won for quite some time and were hopeful and rebuilding and bam the monsters show up again. 
Kaiju law is not governed by reason!
Lol fucking Charlie Day, every time I see his face in anything besides “it’s always sunny” I just picture it as an episode of the show
There is

no

Kaiju ^^^inHR
Are your kaiju making TOOOOO MUUUUCCCCHHHHHH NOISEallthe^time?
It probably wouldn't be too hard to cut together shots from *Sunny* and *Rim* to make that.
I really hope they dont go too far with how agile the mechs are. First movie was fantastic in that regard, they nailed the scale and weight and how everything moved, it felt authentic(well, as far as it can be). This trailer looks more like transformers to, i can only hope i'm wrong. Very contrasting, Dark and slow and kinda gritty, to sunny fast and backflips and shit.
It was far more threatening and atmospheric to have the kaijus in darkness. This sunshine scenery and overall lighter tone is too reminiscent of Bayformers.
[deleted]
I thought it wasn't a shortcut so much as an optimization yo look good while staying in budget. Having things happen and night and in the rain makes it easier to render and look realistic. 
Someone made a title card for the first movie that said "Charlie Gets a Rimjob".
Ironically, the last film was always at night or in the rain
Glad to see Charlie's smart pills are still working.
And the funny part is when we first see Charlie, the voice over says "...who believed in you" (see Charlie's face) "and who didn't" --> see other guy's face ... and that guy was the scientist in "Flowers for Charlie" who didn't believe in Charlie.
Think it might be more of the budget. I mean DeKnight did Daredevil S1 which took place at night most of the time.
The budget was reduced from PR to PR:U.
Now with more "brash, headstrong young adults who will find it hard to get along at first because Drama, but at the end mesh into a winning fighting force" added!
There seemed to be way too many stable shots in this trailer for it to look shot like transformers. 

I don’t know which one you saw last, but transformers action scenes are just a million quick cuts of metal smashing around together. 

This at least looks like theirs some choreographed shots. 
>It looks nothing like the world Del Toro created 

Spectacularly untrue. It's got the same detail, color palette, just less dark. Del Toro made a movie about the end of the world, a brutal last-ditch fistfight. This one seems more hopeful, there's a chance. More robots. It's gotta be brighter. The story is different, the tone must change too. A change of aesthetic to match the story is what is required- if they kept the same look just to make it feel like 'the exact same brand', then it would look visually homogeneous. Sequels SHOULD be drastically different. 
Agreed. The kaiju and jaegers moved slowly, almost plodding, like you'd expect from giant heavy things. They look too fast and light in this trailer. 
The whip and flail were both incredibly poor choices. Ninja moves as well.
Your comment describes perfectly how I felt about this trailer too. 
Eh, I thought they loved Japanese kaiju movies and manga. 
You mean Star Trek Beyond. And the title card literally stating "From the Director of Fast and Furious" probably got that across even more. 
Yeah, but let's watch the Pacific Rim trailer for comparison...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A85EtOalcsM
That trailer was pretty spot on. Did you miss the extended Kirk driving around an evil blue person encampment scene?
*Star Trek Beyond
The first film already did that.
Trying to move away from the aesthetic of the former film that underperformed against Grown Ups 2?

Maybe as innocent as just a new directors vision?


You are truly the purest of us all.
Perfectly acceptable when these words are coming out of Will Smith. 
*- Flynn Rider, Tangled*
Why do all of these phrases sound like Tyrese has said them in the Fast&Furious franchise?
NOW THIS IS PODRACING!
AW HELL NO!
I KNOW THIS, IT’S A UNIX SYSTEM!
THIS IS WHERE THE FUN BEGINS
This is my kind of party
BIG O
"It's go time..."

*back cracks*


"ohhhhhhhh"
Unless it's Cyborg in the new Justice League movie.
This just made me realize how perfect John Boyega would have been for Cyborg.
I want at the mountains of madness so much
Why was he kicked off from those? Especially Pacific Rim if he made it popular enough for a sequel in the first place.
Can someone fill me in? I thought Guillermo Del Toro was one of those  more respected directors, why would he have problems funding projects?
Absolutely, Boyega seems like a good fit, but the rest of the new cast members looked very power rangers-y, the kind of fresh faced actors that are in their late 20s but are cast as high school students.
Yes, it's about mood and atmosphere, not only "people in robots fighting!"

Uprising trailer took the mood and atmosphere out and doesn't seem to have added anything at all in the plot department.

I mostly remember thinking, "no way this is actually a movie! This is the type of stuff you talk about with your friends but know it would never happen." But it happened. And it was just as awesome as we thought it would be.
It looks like a Transformers movie.
Congratulations!
*Train Horn* Crawling in my skiiiiin....
*unfamiliar ceiling...* for 20 minutes.
\*eight hours of cicadas chirping\*
*Shinji proceeds to run away*
The first episode of Evangelion I ever saw was the last episode, it was on Cartoon Network or some shit and I was in high school and super depressed at that point and something about it really made me happy and feel like everything would be okay. So I decided to watch the rest of the series and man was I wrong about it being uplifting.
Oh *come* on, who hasn't given a good friend a hand in their time of need?
*looks at hand*
Yes, let *her* do it.
Yeah, I can only agree. It also shows in the aestetics: The Jaegers in the original, while futuristic looking, still had signs of use: Little dents in armor plating, chipped paint, specks of rust, that kind of stuff. They looked quite natural, in the way that their hull plates shifted, retracted, and shook, depending on the Jaeger's movements. The Jaegers also *felt* heavy, each step and punch had force behind it, something I can only describe as "Wham!".
This? The new Jaegers are way, waaay too clean and shiny, and look more like toys than warmachines, while their movements seem too light-footed and floaty.

I will give the movie a chance, but I will be grumpy for a week if my fears are confirmed.
I turned the trailer off halfway through for this very reason. Which granted reading the comments still spoils some but at least you don't see anything lol.
At least the new blade runner looks _ok_
Pacific Rim Too: 2 Many Jaegers 
Pacific Rim: Continental Drift
Yeah, I just watched that and the much more subtle use of Legend Has It works infinitely better than whatever bullshit is happening in this trailer.
Even the remixed john wick trailer with that track was more impressive [*this one]
(https://youtu.be/Pft-PTVNetg)
Get it on, till I die.

Get it on, till I die.

Get it on, till I die.

Get it on, till I die.

Get it on, till I die.
Garbage would've done a better job.
I actually liked Mako :(
Lol did anyone actually go out to see the Maze Runner movies?
Also for Facebook to get people who scroll past most of the time.
yo dawg
Dude, now you have me wanting Boyega's character to throw out a Burning Finger in the movie, pre-attack speech and all....
Thank you, I felt like I was taking crazy pills. That was definitely motion controlled as well. 
See that's one of my main concerns. At least with the previous rig, they had their arms and legs attached to things that actually corresponded with their movement.
And the first bit is Vince Staples but they've slowed both down waaaay too much. And they're not fast songs to begin with. It sounds so bad
you just know tupac would not have enjoyed his songs being used in shitty trailers
But he was the Kaiju junkie.  I never took it he was very involved in the Jaeger portion.
Im sure the Jaeger called Toboggan Danger will but he wont bust it out until the last fight when all seems lost. 
thats a good point, i didn't like that weird pan between the 4 different jaegers at the end. but im still gonna give the movie a chance and excited for it. 
Right? The weight of them was my favorite part. No way the fucking diesel Jaeger could have punched its palm, that thing would have torn clean through its own arm.

These don't feel like machines, just giant person suits.
That weight and metallic thud really helped sell the size of these things. The cockpit moving as well.

Right now, it's almost like they're too agile and jumping and flipping around. If any Jaegers jumped in the previous movie, the ground beneath them would have collapsed from the weight.
Thank you! I couldn't enunciate my problem with the new Jaegers but they aren't *heavy* enough. They're like giant people, not giant machines. 
Exactly. Looks like they are going for an anime look, meanwhile in the first one they feel very "realistic"
Apparently he had signed a contract to do sequels but since they weren't expecting PR2 to get fast tracked, he signed on to another movie and they decided not to be dicks and didn't force him to return for Pacific Rim.
They look like they were made to be toys. They scream 'merchandising' when the original mechs had a much more grounded Battletech look to them.
The first ones felt like function over form, these felt like form over function. Which is exactly what shouldn't be the case in a film that is supposedly taking itself seriously. They just look like humanoids with various body shapes and sizes instead of, y'know, mechs. 
Agreed 100%.  In the original it was obvious the Jaeger designs were intended to tell us, the viewers, something about the nations that built them, the way they worked and even their political mindsets.  Thus, in my interpretation of it, why Gypsy Danger and Striker Eureka looked like they might've been the product of the same design philosophy with some variations while Cherno Alpha looked still generally "western" but obviously quite different and Crimson Typhoon had very little in common with the others.
They very much did have a design philosophy behind each jaeger. 

Gipsy Danger was meant to look like an American WWII bomber and a cowboy: old-style pinup logo and text, long legs for a long stride, wide shoulders, guns shooting from the hip.

Cherno Alpha was supposed to evoke old Soviet tech: chunky, dirty, old, but brutally functional. The head was also meant to look like a nuclear reactor, hence the first half of the name taking from Chernobyl.

Don't remember what the ideas were for Striker Eureka and Crimson Typhoon but I think they were also explained in the commentary.

Plus GDT was very emphatic that each machine had to look like it could somewhat plausibly exist and work. He had artists design basically complete blueprints for the skeleton, "musculature", etc under the outer plating. 
I mean, but those moments you love (and I love) wouldn't work as well if they weren't packaged within a product with a serious exterior. They become believable, and that's what is so great. The drama was far from compelling, I agree, but it helped the themes. 
>~~sword~~

Bat. 

But yeah, I agree. It was this silly, mind-blowingly badass moment that completely defined an already amazing and badass action film. This one doesn't seem to understand that these moments need to standout, that these are the moments that define your films. Here it is just a cacophony of random action shit with some slo-mo. 
The explanation makes sense, the designs however are lacking and generic from a visual standpoint. 
I much preferred the first Jaegers. 
No one's here for the plot we want "LET THEM FIGHT"
People in this thread complain the action scenes in the original were too dark with the nighttime and the rain and thus too hard to follow. I had absolutely no problem with it myself personally, especially in IMAX.
No. Reddit is one person. 
I was thinking some alien controlled Jager. I like your thought more.
After the first movie came out I told my wife that "If they make a second one, they should start fighting each other and after a world war with Jagers has nearly destroyed the earth, bam! more monsters show up. Humans are forced to work together again and fight them back." Glad to see I might be right, though I'm bummed I didn't write it down somewhere on the internet to reap that sweet Nostradamus karma.
are we still talking about Pacific rim or power rangers here.
Yep, seems like they went full EVA.
Who plays Shinji though?
[deleted]
Except for the one true prototype that through the power of love and the deep emotional connection with its pilot remains loyal and a working superpowered jaeger that gets brought out of cold storage and saves the day. Go go gadget clichéd tropes!
Tbh i expected them to use kaiju brains to control Jaegers in this movie, and have it backfire.
Bite my shiny yellow ass!
Oh you'll pay for this, Finn!
.)ypmul elttil a s'eno emiT erutnevdA eht hguohtla ,ssecnirp ecaps eno tsael ta dna( sessecnirp htiw ,ecalp eht revo lla seripme tnereffid fo stros llA
sdaeh rieht evoba yletelpmoc netfo si taht ffuts gniod dnuora gninnur seoreh gnuoY
.seitreporp lacisyhp egnarts yletulosba htiw serutaerc gniklaT
.sdrows looc fo stoL
.emiT erutnevdA htiw nommoc ni tol lufwa na evah seod sraW ratS
Yeah, the problem isn't that it's too bright or dark. The problem is that the fantastic lightning from the first is nowhere here.
Yeah the first seemed like some r/cyberpunk
I really liked the dark/rainy aesthetic from the first film, but I could also see where people might complain if they went that route again as well. Basically, some folks will always be unhappy.

The pics from yesterday had me worried about the film, but the trailer looks much better.
I’m well versed in Kaiju law and various other lawyerings. 
You don't know shit about Kaiju, Dee!
I wait for the day where he does a very serious and sad drama. Where everyone just thinks it is a dark comedy where they didn’t put punch lines in the trailer.
[Well it doesn't seem that far off since these two are together again.](https://i.imgur.com/cUktiSt.gif) 
[removed]
I had the exact same feeling watching this trailer. The fights seem much more animated/over-the-top, borderline cheesy. It feels like I'm watching power rangers or something.

Seems like they lost focus on the "[giant mech] fighting aliens" and just went for "giant [mech fighting aliens]" if that makes sense. All the scale with none of the _weight_.
Especially with that opening shot showing the girl at ground level witnessing the massive size of them and a fight happening. It's like a shot that is in every transformers. 
I know that Michael Bay ruined a lot of things, but I think we're going a bit far if we're going to let him ruin daylight.
The Gang Fucks a Kaiju
Once Nightman had been defeated, there was no one left who could oppose Dayman
I'm afraid I've become quite weareah!
I was looking for Charlie Day throughout the entire trailer, and got so excited when I saw him. I'm glad the stupid science bitch is back as well. 
It could be all sorts of reasons tbh. One of my major complaints from 1 was that it was hard to see during the fights because it was at night and there were TONS of particles on screen because of rain and debris.

It could also be that they are trying to emulate the visual style of Guardians of the Galaxy that audiences responded well to.
Night time rainy vfx is cheaper than daytime. Budget has nothing to do with the change.
I think they prefer to be called "teenagers with attitude."
Pretty much exactly my impression as well.  Reminds of the new (and terrible) Independence Day movie.  Looks and feels like Transformers and Power Rangers had a child.  Loved the first, but I'll probably wait for this to hit HBO.
> and the minute you introduce the "brash, headstrong young adults who will find it hard to get along at first because Drama, but at the end mesh into a winning fighting force... 

**all because of motivational braveheart speech by the main character.** 

been there. seen that. 
That's what happened in the first film too.

The Australian dude learned to put his trust in Raleigh and Mako and at the end and they were a team at the bottom of the ocean 
But that was the entire plot of the first one...
Yeah it feels like some YA bullshit. I don't want that in my robot vs alien shenanigans.
Yup. I worked with a girl that liked the Matrix so much, and had already heard how much the sequels sucked, that she decided to simply not watch them.

Looking at this trailer makes me think I should do the same.
thats why i didnt like the transformers movies. can't tell whats happening in fight scenes.
Aren't the Jaeger pilots meant to be more like hyped-up superheroes now? In the first movie, the Jaeger program was on its last legs and you got that feel of desperation from the characters right off the bat because they've already been outpaced by the evolution of the Kaiju. Now with the timeskip and advanced Jaeger tech, I think it's logical that the movie would start with a brighter, more confident tone, as stupid as that may seem.

I don't agree that sequels should be too different. They should keep the same general aesthetic and background, but tell a new story. It remains to be seen if the basic plot of this sequel would be any different from the first.
Agreed here, on every point. Besides, it's not Hong Kong anymore, like where much of PR1 took place. This one, if I recall, takes place in Tokyo or somethin'.
EXACTLY. Plus there was already a similar aesthetic in the Sydney fight in the first one. It was during the day, it was the newer more advanced model of jaeger which could move faster, and it looked way less gritty than Hong Kong. People had no problem with how that section looked. As long as the fight choreography is on par with the first one, Uprising should do just fine.
You are not wrong, but maybe the point isn't the aesthetic itself. It's not that the colors dont mix and match. Its not that it doesn't fit the new theme...
Maybe it's the fact that the theme changed. Maybe fans loved the gritty, desperate tone of the first. In this one, they are seen dodging missiles, pulling swords everywhere, almost as if going full plot armor. In the first one, from the very first battle, to the last, it showed you how dangerous it was, not just to fight a Kaiju, but to be a pilot. It was a death sentence.

This one seems bright and happy, and while the plot might justify it, maybe some fans didn't want writers to switch in that direction, and the new art direction is a somber hint that it won't be like that Goya painting Del Toro used to inspire the franchise itself.
Bruh PR is my second favorite movie and this trailer didn't convince me but your argument did 👏
And the Jaegers were in their own way terrifying. They looked dangerous not just to the monsters, but to anyone who might get too close. These new ones look too much like yay-rah super heroes. Even the main one that seems to be a modified version of Gypsy Danger from the original looks less threatening than before.
Yeah everything about this trailer gives off the feel of it being about being for kids who want to see cool robots with their unique ninja turtle esque weaponry and fighting style, with the monsters being basically irrelevant. The first movie the Jaegers really were kind of ridiculous as they would be in real life. They're essentially giant nuclear powered ships ran by two people with a neural network correlating to motion. It still felt like it obeyed the laws of physics regarding giant mechanical objects that weigh thousands of tons. Ffs when the Russian jaeger did a power punch it was rocket boosted (which was awesome) and still moved as fast as you could expect something that heavy to accelerate. When the jaegers moved fast it wasn't organically it was after a build up of momentum like from spinning things at faster and faster revolutions or with rocket assist that took a few seconds to gain speed. 

The first one had that sense of hopelessness because the jaegers were big lumbering human shaped ships that had one or two powerful weapons but themselves weren't agile to fight hand to hand the way this trailer has them moving. The fact that the kaiju were organic and behaved with flexible quick movements many times were what made them so imposing since they could mostly out maneuver any jaeger attack until they were well coordinated. 

I don't mind this one turning up the camp and color a good amount but I think it's making the kaiju and the apocalypse feel toothless and just things for jaegers to do some "cool" fight moves. The original jaegers were badass because of the big hulking weight of them when landing a blow and the super weapon they each had. They weren't athlete robots.

Also I think that what made Pacific Rim stand out from the Transformers-ish shlock was it's darker tones which excluding everything involving the cheeseball love interest plot was actually pretty pervasive. It felt lovecraftian and incomprehensible, I don't know how you'd make a sequel like that though since it left off with the humans victorious and them now being presented as fair fights.
There's definitely influence from both east and west.
Yeah, Guillermo del Toro is as pretty big fan of mecha  ([here is him fanboying with the creator of mecha](https://twitter.com/realgdt/status/874630995756158976?lang=en)) & he also metioned in his AMA a long time back that so was his co-writer for  Pacific Rim also takes influence from mecha anime/manga.
So, Saturday evening (Gundam) and Sunday Morning (Sentai) then?
Which is funny because what the director from F&F always gets right is what that movie needed and got. No, not dumb action, but chemistry between the characters.
Now I want to watch it again.
Yes but it was also quite dark, metaphorically and literally. It had a somewhat melancholic edge that could be perceived as a turnoff to kids and/or parents. This is more clearly in the vein of Saturday morning cartoons (I mean that in the best way possible, simple doesn't equal bad).
Both valid points, and neither one a negative in my view. I hope this does well enough to warrant more. I could live in this cinematic world I enjoy it so much. Hell, let's push for an Infinity War style crossover with Kong vs Godzilla while we're at it, Legendary Pictures.
or Gary Oldman. 
There's always an exception to the rule
Nonononononononononono
I DON'T LIKE SAND!
So it's treason then?
I'LL HAVE WHAT SHE'S HAVING.
HURH HURH HURHHH
>AW HELL NAWH

FTFY
Didnt realize how much I wanted that till now
He doesn't. He recently made a movie, The Shape of Water. It was critically acclaimed and won an award (I don't remember where) for best picture. 
I want the old beat up gruff people. Having everyone be a supermodel is boring and takes away from the illusion. This is giant robots fighting, but that doesn't mean realism can be thrown out the window. Also the super agility worries me. Hopefully the movie can still stand on its own.
And the sense of scale, size, weight and actual tension in the fights.

The basics of what makes movies good doesn't go out the window because ROBOTS FIGHTING ROBOTS, as seen by Transformers.  

clapping intensifies
Cicada sound intensifies 
...They aired Eva on Cartoon Network?
where did this yougurt come from?
*Starts choking Asuka*
Same here. That was one of my favorite things about the first one: they looked "used" and had a realism about them even if the subject matter itself is not realistic (also see: Star Wars Ep. 4,5,6, Battlestar Galactica). They also moved like they had mass.  The slower movements also gave us a chance to appreciate the fight choreography and CGI work. 

But yeah, this makes me fearful of a *Transformers* influence. No shot longer than 2/10ths of a second. I will watch this and give it a chance but shall be grumpy like you if we are correct.  
Oh damn, that's some excellent editing.
TAKE THIS! MY LOVE, MY ANGER, AND ALL OF MY SORROW!

SHINING FINGER SWOOOOOOOOOOOORD
only- ONLY- if we get the Gundam from the Netherlands in all it's glory.

Oh and also the Mexican Gundam.
Yeah, both had a The difference is that in Pacific Rim, they had fixed mounting points on their feet and forearms to track body movement, in addition to a large mount on their back.  This resulted in/was due to (depending on how you look at it) Jaegers that were slower and more cumbersome.  You couldn't exactly do a flip in Gypsy Danger, or even Crimson Typhoon.

Contrast to the ones in the trailer, which have JUST the back mount.  Their feet aren't fixed to armatures on the floor, and neither are their forearms.  They can now do flips and stuff, which I expect we'll be seeing.

Personally, I think this is a mistake, if we see large, 30-story tall Jaegers doing flips and dives, because then you lose a lot of that sense of *weight* that the original had.  It becomes Transformers.
http://www.slashfilm.com/guillermo-del-toro-says-pacific-rim-sequel-would-feature-jaegerkaiju-hybrid/

Looks like it was a bit from column A and a bit from column B.
The pan made it look like dudes in robot costumes in a miniature city. I think /u/cabose7 is right, the first PR had cam movements that made me feel like I *could* be seeing this in real life from a helicopter — they even had helicopters flying around some of the fights! And I didn't ever really think about how much it did, because it made fucking robot/monster fights feel *natural.* Now, the absence is definitely noticable. (Of course this is just off the shots in the trailer, the full movie could have more realistic tracking.)

I'll definitely see it, but if I hadn't seen the first one, I wouldn't want to off of this trailer alone.
>No way the fucking diesel Jaeger could have punched its palm, that thing would have torn clean through its own arm.

Cherno Alpha literally bashed its fists together in part 1. 

Y'all are nitpicking the weirdest shit.
Not just weight but fucking scale. These robots look cool but the way they move makes them look 1/4 the size of the originals. It could just be the fast trailer edits that make it look like that. I don't know but I worry they want more fast-paced Transformers robot action and not kaiju action.
> Right now, it's almost like they're too agile and jumping and flipping around. If any Jaegers jumped in the previous movie, the ground beneath them would have collapsed from the weight.

? [They were perfectly capable of jumping in the original.](https://youtu.be/5guMumPFBag?t=104)

I think the thing that feels weird with the new Jaegers in the trailer is that they lack the feeling of inertia- the Jaegers in the original movie were slow to start moving, but surprisingly quick and agile when they got going, while in this one they seem more agile from the get-go. 

But then, the Jaegers in the first trailer didn't seem as heavy as they ended up feeling in the movie, so I'm not willing to criticize the movie for it yet.
wooo sex bobomb!
> Battletech 

That's it, that's the aspect I don't see now.
Exactly. The weapons employed by the jaegers certainly didn't help. The giant spiky flail was where it drew the line for me I think. 
Watch the propaganda like trailer from Comic Con - That's the reason why they look "cool" instead of functional. These are propaganda machines used to recruit, no more kaiju but there's other Jaegers out there seemingly - It's like WW2 Captain America type shit. 
To some extent I can see your point, but I'd consider other examples balancing drama and comedy:

*District 9* - strong narrative with a few moments of comic relief; this balance works.

*Shaun of the Dead* - great comedy with a few moments of surprising emotional weight; this balance also works.

*Pacific Rim* - absolutely has its strengths, but I wouldn't count seriousness among them.
Right. I'm still a kid at heart. I will never not watch giant robots fighting.
Also saw PR in Imax, and don't remember having issues seeing what was going on. I'm wondering if the people saying they couldn't see had their brightness too low.
Man. Watched Pacific Rim in IMAX and it legitimately had me grinning like a child the entire way through. I was close to the screen and they had made the audio just a bit too loud so it was ridiculiously immersive. I haven't had a movie experience like that since. 
Every account in reddit is a bot except you
It's a staple of the genre, at some point the aliens/monsters always get their own mecha, usually piloted by a friend of the main character, either brainwashed or cloned.
I'm also wondering about the possibility of some kind of Jaeger wargames. maybe that's how they "test" the Jaegers by pitting them in combat against each other? finding weak points, ways to improve future designs, etc.

EDIT: yo, I get it, I'll have to go watch Robot Jox.
Pretty sure at one point Guillermo said that the Kaiju were going to pull the remains of old Gipsy Danger and send it back against us. So I mean, maybe both? Humans waging war on humans with their Jaegers, and Kaiju controlling them? I mean, why not both!
I agree, from what little i see from the trailer that looks to be the exact plot.... not to bash on you or anything but it seems like a kind of lazy cliche plot, hopefully it’s a little more in depth than that. 
Pacific Rim is basically power rangers
Micheal Cera
Elijah Wood
Minus the whiny kids?

^Get ^in ^the ^fucking ^robot ^Shinji 
We're like one step away from just being a full on mecha-anime and I love it.
> neon genesis evangelion?

Did they ever finish that sweet reboot?

>https://www.polygon.com/2017/7/28/16057598/evangelion-4-0-teaser

*sigh*
original film looks so awesome with the high contrast lighting. the 4k bluray is my go-to for showing off a home theater system
It's a solid rule of thumb for life honestly. Someone will be unhappy no matter what. 
I'm a 5 star Jaeger! 
Ummm filibuster 
We've all got our hot plates to get back to!
"Flowers for Charlie"
I can just hear people saying “well this comedy isn’t really that funny.”
Holy shit I just realized this..this is just classy! This movie is just an extended episode. I guess those smart pills weren’t just placebos.
Man I would sure hate if pacific rim became borderline cheesy
Aw yeah using a freighter ship as a sword was definitely not cheesy at all in the first one.
"So, you want the `slowly rising from a crouch, looking over your shoulder at something while the camera pans in a circle` again? Alright, you're the boss..."
>Once Nightman had been defeated, there was no one left who could oppose.... The Dayman

I thought it needed more dramatic effect. 


Hm, than maybe they felt the time change (10 years later) was enough to remove the 'end of times' motif? That does make sense. Still miss the grit from the original tho.
[deleted]
Aye-aye-aye.
so much angst.
I remember the first Pacific Rim felt so not transformer-y because the robots seemed to move like giant robots, not like nimble ninjas. Glad I am not the only one feeling trepidation over how they moved in the trailer. 
There's plenty to not like about the Transformers movies, but the fact they couldn't even get the dumb action part right is what pushes them into the trash bin for me.
Which would obviously be less dark, look up pictures of the two cities. Hong Kong isn't dark by any means but Tokyo genuinely looks cartoonishly vibrant in a lot of places.
And the art style is heavily inspired by other much more colorful mech anime including Evangelion and Bubblegum Crisis.
They looked dangerous to the pilots as well. Check out this video about the cockpits: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTj_i1eMUXY

Their feet are strapped onto individual moving platforms. It looked dangerous to be in the cockpit, it was precarious. It wasn't a dance floor where you could do complex moves. Moving the robot looked like it took effort and concentration. Compare that to the few cockpit scenes so far in this trailer, and I'm not impressed.
Yeah, the new ones they are like bubblegum robots for kids, with Spy Kid-worthy weapons. And you can just do fancy kung-fu dances in them as if this was a nice quiet room for fancy futurist VR gaming, and not as if they were straight in the heart of a mutherfucking giant robot fighting giant monsters.

If I remember right, actors from the first movie were made to wear weighted costumes in addition to the whole rigging, so you could really imagine them struggling against the commands, and making efforts to move that machine. Now what, they did it on green screen? 

Everything seems too nice and easy in the new movie. Don't they say it's a war? When do you have time to make it so fancy and shiny during a war against extinction? Even Transformers seems grittier and harsher! Too nice and too easy makes it look like young adult novels of the sappy saccharine type. Not at all what one would want to see when Kaijus are involved
It had a handful of moments like that, but overall the movie was cheesy as hell.
Imho, that darker melancholic edge the previous movie had, which was particularly beautifully conveyed by the characters played by Idris Elba and Rinko Kikuchi, was what set the movie apart and made it good. It gave it a depth and an ability to touch a much wider public that it would otherwise never have had. 

The new one looks like it will be fun for kids, but I’m really not getting an urge to see it so far. Maybe the next trailer will be better. 
Yep. 
Yeah, the jaegers in the original trailer looked like they had mass and substance, in the new trailer they don't look like they could even take a single punch from Gypsy Danger.
Buddy tried to warn me and I was like "maybe you just didn't get it."

Then I watched it. 

It felt like someone had broken into my house, trashed it, and left a note saying "fuck you"
Dude they aired some awesome anime on Cartoon Network (Toomami). Saw Blue Sub 6 on there as well, and that series is fucking crazy
I don't understand people in this thread. If you don't think it's going to be good paying to see it is telling the studios "slap together whatever garbage you want, even without the creative force behind the first film, and I'll pay to see it." WHY!? I don't mean this as a personal attack on you it's just frustrating. The second I found out Del Toro is no longer a part of this and after watching the trailer I immediately decided that I'm not paying to see this.
G-Gundam was so god damn cheesy and wonderful. 
LOOK! THE EAST IS BURNING RED!
That one's great but will never top the classic: 

THIS HAND OF MINE IS BURNING RED!!!!! IT'S LOUD ROAR TELLS ME TO GRASP VICTORY!!!!
Yes, the feeling of weight has completely disappeared in this trailer. In the first movie they looked like huge, lumbering machines. Powerful, but full of inertia. They were bulky and had slow, weighty movement. In this they are moving incredibly fast and smoothly, they look much more like transformers in their movement.
Oh my god Im part of the hive mind.
As cool as a seismic morningstar sounds on paper, nothing about it is practical. Even the "sword" of the original film, probably the most ridiculous weapon in the jaeger, had it's practical use which was to dispatch it when out of the city (or in the air) due to them able to freely spill kaiju blood. Which they aren't allowed to do in the city since the blood is toxic. 
Can confirm, I'm definitely you.
Or by the reanimated remains of idris elba
For sure. I bet this will be a direct analog to Angel-infected Unit-03, given all the Evangelion references in the first film.
Except the missile dodge by the new Gypsy looked to take place in a city; those missiles were going to hit a skyscraper. That’s likely a bit much for a “war game”.

Edit: For everyone claiming "simulation" or whatnot, rewatch the trailer. The same Jaeger is shooting a swarm of missiles at Gypsy later in the trailer, in an entirely different mountain setting while Gypsy charges at it, eventually sword-slashing it for major damage. There are multiple battles with it. It's an evil Jaeger.
This is what stood out for me Jeagers fighting Jeagers. Doubt its some kind of wargames because they seem to be fighting in a city.
Pacific Rim 3 confirmed shining finger gundam? 
You mean Robot Jox?
Be interesting to see how they explain the remains since it was the epicenter of a nuclear explosion. Gypsy should be nothing but individual atoms after that
I mean, if I can think of it, it's pretty lazy.
The plot to the first one was kind of lazy too. The saving grace was the setting. They used that extra time to show what the world was like, why, and how they influenced the plot. 

But I didn't watch the first movie multiple times for the plot, I watched it for robots fighting Kaijus with trains and shit.
Its a big voltron, power rangers, gundam mash up with a dash of mecha godzilla.  Its beautiful.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7740  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/13569)
Yer a whiner Frodo.
And they will let you know about it on reddit.
A starter Jager!? This is a finnisher Jager! A transporter of God's! The Golden God!
I haven't even begun to peak.
Yeah do you even know what that word means?
I feel Iv made myself perfectly redundant. 
I think I've made myself perfectly redundant 
9+9= box. Thats the box where the rat will go.
I’ve grown hweary 
Stupid science bitch couldn't even make I more smarter!
I think he's referring to the movement. They're sprinting around, sliding, and running around like a power rangers episode. 

I also really liked the weight they seemed to have just fucking walking in the first movie. Here they're tooo agile for my taste. Maybe the sound might make it more pleasing when the soundtrack *isn't going on
It looked and sounded and reacted as if it weighed that much, that's what we're talking about. It didn't look like it was a giant foam bat colored to look like a ship.
[I thought it needed more singing.](https://vlipsy.com/vlip/its-always-sunny-in-philadelphia-day-man-vs-night-man-bl3IQ6Vw)
How can Kaiju be real if our Jaegers aren't real?
When I saw that spiked ball thing start spinning at the end there, the first thing I thought was "Damn that's a lot of mass to spin up so quickly!"
Damn, I keep forgetting how great Pacific Rim was. I mean, I remember I loved it, but Reddit only reminds me that it was a great dumb movie. Holy shit look at the mechanisms of the cockpit, it's not dumb at all.
All these people must have watched a different movie lol. Why does everyone ITT seem to think the first one was gritty, colorless, and grim? It only had as much emotional weight as well done saturday morning cartoon.
It’s tropes then. 
The released a movie later to be the actual end of the series (I liked it quite a bit)  If I recall correctly it ended the way it did initially because they ran out of money and were kinda stuck with ending it that way because they had no idea if they'd ever get to properly end it.  

Now we have the "rebuild" of the series and we've been waiting five years for the finale of that.  


You just described the plot to Mother by Darren Aronofsky 😂
Amen, I owe a lot to Adult Swim. They really broadened my horizons.
I am willing to wait and see other trailers and reviews. I am not going to destroy the film because of the trailer, but I will destroy the trailer. 

Fact of the matter is that trailers are often outsourced to other companies and I have seen quite a few trailers that did not reflect the final product. 

Is Del Toro 100% off, if was my belief he was a producer and consultant. 
At least with the morningstar there's a pretty low chance of it deflecting and injuring yourself or your allies.  I mean it's not like they're using an energy whip or something!
Pentecost was the best part of that movie, let him stay that way, please.
"I am restarting the apocalypse!"
good point. 
Same old story, Jeagers killin' Jeagers.
good point. 
Decoy Gypsy
Laziness aside, it's a good premise for a variety of awesome robot fights.
[removed]
With a little dash of Neon Genesis Evangelion.
Now that you mention it, with that positioning in the trailer I 100% can see a voltron happening vs the big guy.
Wow this comment pisses me the FUCK off.
I challenge you to a duel!
*crashes through door
In an open field, General Kenobi!
I read it was because the creator was pissed off at the self-entitled fanbase making demands and death threats. It seemed like the movie was extremely heavy-handed and in-yo-face about a lot of weeaboo themes.

Spoilers here:

The TV show ending is actually the "happy ending" showing Shinji go through instrumentality and coming out victorious on the other side. Hence congratulations! But yes done on a low budget.

The movie however... Shinji did not do so well. And the creator was basically giving a big fuck you to the fans. Like "You want an ending? Fine. I'll fucking kill everyone and everything. Here's your fucking ending!" And a lot of it pointed at the fans, like shinjis wank. He's like "This is you. This is what you do". I hate that guy in the weirdest most respectable way possible. It's a strange feeling.
I miss anime being on Adult Swim. They chose what to show really well. Even less popular shows (Wolf's Rain, Witch Hunter Robin) I still look back at with extreme fondness. 
Seriously, wtf was that thing?
>*"Today, we are CANCELLING the Apocalypse!"*

Shivers, every time.
Unless its a simulation.
Ahh, jeez..
Without a Kaiju to kick, they just start kickin'.
...into wrong room. 
Inside a simulation
That lawyer guy, okay? He totally besmirched me today, and I demand satisfaction from him.
so that's it, huh? we're some kind of Simulation Squad?
You want the tranny to bang you? 
