Beatrix Potter must be spinning in her grave so fast, she could restore the power grids in Puerto Rico.
There we go America, you just got James Corden'd. Where he starts off relatively unknown and amiable, hell maybe you even enjoy the show he makes then suddenly. BAM. Everywhere. And you wondered how you never noticed how obnoxious he was. Send him to another country like we did before it's too late.

What a shame. A beloved book series cherished by grandmothers and babies alike gets a forgettable film adaptation vomited out by the studio machine.
I first saw this trailer when Daisy Ridley shared it on her facebook page. Since she did a voice in the english dub of Studio Ghibli's Only Yesterday, I thought maybe this would be a nice adaptation of the old story. 

Then I saw the Sony Animation logo...
Can we get more adaptations like 2014's Paddington, please? That's how you make something that updates, yet honours its source material.
Ok, I'm not the target audience for this, but I grew up reading Beatrix Potter stories and aside from the fact that the animals wear clothes they seem to have made no effort to capture the tone or style of her beloved books.

I also don't remember Peter Rabbit being a punchable little shit, but that seems to be what James Corden's achieved.
Sony Pictures animated film.....

It's gonna be grrrrrrreat...
I chuckled at the bit with the deer at the end. 
They're party animals.

Get it? Do you GET IT?!

This looks terrible.
Ah yes, finally an accurate adaptation of the books /s
Someone just fucking kill me.
Did it have to be James Corden? 
I see this and just think how great a Disney adaptation could have possibly been if they had made it.
what the fuck
Domnhall Gleeson is so hot right now.
>Domhnall Gleeson, Margot Robbie, Daisey Ridley, Rose Bryne

wew lad. someone was desperate for a paycheck.
Well I mean it is from Sony, what could be expected?
Just copy Paddington beat for beat and replace him with a rabbit in a swanky coat. It's not that hard, Sony... 
Sony go home, you're drunk.
They should build a power station over Beatrix Potter's grave, because the speed at which she's rolling in her grave right now is enough to generate electricity. 
#HARD PASS
I don't think I've ever been this immediately offended by a trailer ever.
I have no nostalgic connection to this property, so I can say while the story looks generic at first glance, it doesn't feel as awful as it's being made out to be in the comments. Also, for a Sony flick, this animal animation looks really impressive.
Oh for goodness sake
My mom read me these stories as a child and I still have fond memories of that, so I am going to pretend this doesn't exist
Potter actually denied Walt Disney the rights to make a Peter Rabbit feature in the 30s. Time makes fools of us all.
This looks like garbage. The comedic style is jarringly out of tune with the source material. This is one of the "studio-est" movies I've ever seen. Straight out off Sony's shitty movie conveyor belt. 
Imagine an Animal Farm movie animated like this.
All together now...

GODDAMNIT SONY
Beatrix Potter must be spinning in her grave, fuck Sony.
Well that was awful.
This isn't Peter Rabbit. This is an insult to childhood for a lot of us.
Gluck has me cautiously hopeful but this trailer seems *so* at odds with the tone of the books.
That may be the worst thing I've seen in a while in context of the classic book.
I watched it for 13 seconds, heard James Corden's voice, and closed the video. 
Sony what have you become...
I got a bad feeling about this movie.
uggggggghhh
James Corden has a rare ability of being even more annoying in voice-only form and why the hell have they given Gleeson horribly fake looking dark hair?! (I sense this could be his first major misstep of his career too)
Sony, pls 
That killed my soul a little bit.
The good thing is if Sony Animation makes enough shitty films they'll be gone for good.
Jesus. Fucking. Wept.

What a travesty.  I have mates who worked on the CG lighting for this and God bless them for getting paid, but I won't be watching this trainwreck.
I hope that Beatrix Potter's angered spirit forever haunts the executives who greenlit this sack of crap.
Why??
So why is Peter's sisters helping him take Mr Mcgregor's vegetables? I thought they were taught not to be at his garden?
There was a CG tv series of Peter Rabbit not long ago which wasn't bad.

The 90s animated series is as close to the books as we ever need to get. It's like the original illustrations coming to life!
First kissing Sean Spicer, now this. James Corden is getting on my nerves. 
> Featuring Rose Byrne in the live-action cast and Margot Robbie, Elizabeth Debicki, and Daisy Ridley voicing triplets Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottontail, the film will be out in March.

This is probably the best thing to come out of it.

In all honesty, I know I will never in my life go out of my way to see this because I really have no reason to, but the trailer made me laugh.

There I said it. It's okay though, I already know my taste in film is horrible. 
I feel like the the phrase "I'm screaming" gets over-used online. But "I'm screaming" and not in the good way.

In a way, I suppose this is the adaptation of a wonderful, beloved piece of quaint, classic literature that we all deserve in this, 2017.
there goes the domnhall gleeson winning streak
I haven't read the books, but is Peter Rabbit supposed to be an asshole?
But is it worse than the emoji movie?
She won ever beyblade season
Since this film has an American writer and director I can only assume it's America's revenge on the UK for shafting them with Corden. Too far America, too far. We're sending Katie Price next.
this is so painfully accurate. Gavin and Stacey was great but then.... Lesbian Vampire Killers  etc etc etc
I never liked James Corden. Gavin & Stacey didn't appeal to me, Horne & Corden was the worst sketch show I had ever seen, and it seemed to me that James Corden's gimmick was being the obnoxious fat guy.
Wait whats wrong with him? I thought he was alright in Into the Woods, but this Peter Rabbit trailer looks like a mess
I'm more bummed they took the beautiful water color images from the book and turned into it lazy, generic computer animated Bologna.
And kids will love it. 
Well at least the character designs translate well to Live-Action unlike most Live-Action adaptations.
At this rate they're going to top Uwe Boll's record of releasing shitty movies.
Helps that Paddington Bear and Peter Rabbit are both native in the UK. I heard there was a rough cut of this film and appears to be better than this trailer.
Paddington was . . . surprisingly good.  I felt it keep that balance of staying true to the spirit of the books and Paddington while bringing it into the present.

This looks bad.  Completely departure from the tone.
Well, The Little Prince came out about two years ago, directed by an american. It was modernized and full-feature without stretching things out or feeling lost and insincere.  
The director himself stated that he kept it a framing story so the original novel would be protected within the movie.
I also hope Mopsy, Flopsy and Cottontail won't end up as annoying as his brother is. 
Can't wait for Peter Rabbit to play Sony 's Uncharted 5 on a Sony PS4, text official Emoji Movie emojis on his Sony smart phone, watch Spider-Man Homecoming on his 80" Sony TV and Blu-Ray player, and watch Sony pornography on his Sony Vios laptop. 

This comment was brought to you by Applebees
Like part pig, part man, part bear? No that's not right. 
They do that thing where they talk and we're meant to think it's funny because he's confidently awkward. Because, you know, the books didn't do that? 

I dunno why Daisy did this too, surely she knows Sony is cancer.
[deleted]
If you want a more faithful adaptation check out "The World Of Peter Rabbit and Friends" from 1992 or even the HBO animated musical from 1991 as part of "Storybook Musicals".
If Walt Disney was given the rights to the book when he wanted them, we probably would have an animated classic starring Peter Rabbit.  Instead we get this...
Fun fact: Back in 1935, Disney actually was going to make an animated adaptation of "The Tale Of Peter Rabbit" but Beatrix Potter turned down the idea.
Don't think too hard, Disney tried to do something near identical to this with Wind in The Willows in 2003 with Del Toro, who noped the fuck out as quickly as he could.
\*screams in pig\*
What a guy, there's nothing he ~~can't~~ won't do!
I'm going to pretend they recorded their voice parts without knowing James Corden was involved, or that the finished film may as well be Hop 2.
Sony pictures presents An Hour and Thirty minutes of setting money on fire while small children dance around the money fire.
Probably because the CGI for the animals is by the same team that worked in Happy Feet
Super late I know, but I can just imagine the trailer:

"They put the party"

*[scene of animals doing generic wacky shit on a farm]*

"in Communist Party"
There was the 1999 film but the CG on the pigs look bad by today's standards.
[deleted]
> Gluck has me cautiously hopeful

Why? Didn't he make the god awful Black Annie? He doesn't come across as someone who has a great deal of respect for source materials.
It gets considerably worse after that part.
And I have a soft spot for anything Peter Rabbit related. Hopefully a new trailer in the future might give a better impression.
No.....
No at least there's no texting and twerking so far. So at least they are avoiding that so far.
Few things are
Nah, that'll come when Sony inevitably releases The Meme Movie in two years from now.
Shes the worlds first human fidget spinner.
[deleted]
I'm not so sure they will. 
Errr, because the originals were basically fairly accurate portrayals of animals?

https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51pE7ev7BuL._AC_UL320_SR238,320_.jpg
100%. Paddington retained the charm while giving it a modern edge - in fact, the only element which felt truly 'intrusive' was the villain. 

This, at least at a trailer glance, looks... noisy.
Take something completely charming and graceful and turn it into some god awful frat boy movie.

 Whoever created this has no soul.
Speaking of paddington I think there's also a sequel that comes out this christmas season. I guess paddington's format allowed a sequel but I would reckon a lot of classic novels just don't. Might factor into what studios decide to build franchises on.
Also, Where the Wild things are was pretty good (very famous classic american picture book). I think keeping things surreal as the source material is the way to go.
I'm guessing they're voiced by Sarah Silverman, Megan Mullally and Roseanne Barr.
I had a guinnea pig called Moody and was raped by my gay rabbit, Flopsy
This comment seriously reminds me of the bit from Uncharted 4 where Nathan Drake plays Crash 1's boulder level
Ever heard of a thing called money? This movie is garbage but with enough money you can have pretty much any new and upcoming actor in your movie.
If it's going to make money, it's going to come from product placements from Coca-Cola, Cadbury Eggs, and Energizer batteries. Not from box office sales.
World of Peter Rabbit was one of my favourite shows when I was really little.

Pretty traumatizing though seeing those rats trying to bake that kitten.
I remember watching the 1991 HBO version a lot as a kid. I believe we have a VHS of it, actually.
Walt actually tried that back in the 1930's but Potter rejected that.
Oh wow can you imagine how great that would have been?  Probably would have been the first Disney animated film, since Snow White came out in 1937.
Both Hop and Peter Rabbit have a female rabbit trio and a male rabbit as the protagonist. Also where's there mother?
I'm secretly hoping this might turn into the Paddington situation where the trailers for the film doesn't do justice for how the film turned out in the end. Especially since Paddington Bear and Peter Rabbit are both from the UK.
I didn't see Annie (2014) but I did see Easy A and Friends With Benefits, both of which were good.
I would bet money on there being a shot in the party scene of one of the animals twerking or something equally cringe 
Greatest quote on filmmaking (oddly enough from Kevin Smith):

"Somebody killed themselves making the worst piece of shit you ever saw."
> I'm working the the VFX for this film. A lot of love and hard work is going into it, as it does in any VFX heavy film. 

Awkward
Dude, I have mates working on the lighting and I used to comp.  No one is saying you didn't work hard.  We know you did. The art direction is lazy and generic. Working hard and long on a movie doesn't make it good. . . 
Sorry I didn't mean lazy as in low effort but lazy as in uninspired and forgettable. This is already lumped in with The Smurfs, Garfield and Alvin and the Chipmunks live action/ CGI movies. I hope this job will lead to better projects in the future.
Am I the only person a bit annoyed that Mr Mcgregor is younger in this film? At least it would been funnier if the actor was around the same age as the original Mr Mcgregor in the story even if his age is never stated.
What do you do at Animal Logic?
Do you have kids? They love anything that has an animated talk mouth.
Actually the sisters will be voiced by Margot Robbie, Elizabeth Debicki, and Daisy Ridley. At least they made them easier to tell apart by the different colored clothing.
[deleted]
Tom Kitten has to be on of my favorite non-Peter Rabbit characters by the same creator. I think I spotted one of the cats in this trailer.
Funnily enough, there was a cartoon that also came out in 1935 by Warner Brothers called "The Country Boy" as part of their Merri Melodies series which featured Peter and his sisters but in a different setting.
I guess it depends whether her soul was sold to Sony to do this or whether Disney would force Beatrix to sell her soul before a Disney version would be made.
She voluntarily sought out a snare after she received the script and production designs.
[deleted]
>both of which were good.

Not exactly the words I would use, both just came across as low effort stoner comedies that rely purely on sex humour. Not something I would go out of my way to praise, and absolutely not the sort of person that should be handed a franchise like Beatrix Potter. It needs someone like Wes Anderson or Hiromasa Yonebayashi to treat the material with some level of reverence, not some typical Hollywood hack.
It's a crude, tasteless and offensive reboot of a beloved children's book series made by Sony Pictures Animation. Of course there's going to be twerking.
He never said it did.
[deleted]
[deleted]
even [Chatterbox](https://youtu.be/CmSYAYhsE-0)?
No, but I was a kid once, and I didn't
Why are all these Australians up in this adaptation?
Emojis have a vastly greater influence on today's kids than Peter Rabbit has in 40 years.
Wait where did you see the cut of the film?
> rely purely on sex humour

Given the plots of both films, sex humour was kind of expected...

Opinions is opinions, fair enough. I rate Gluck higher than 'hack' but I can't argue there's not more obvious candidates for the gig.
Or Paul King, the very guy who is now directing ‘Paddington 2’.
The person he replied to didn't call him lazy. My response wasn't to him saying the movie was good.  
When you say great project, do you mean great from just a VFX perspective? Because there's no way that this film isn't atrocious, but I can appreciate that the VFX is pretty good.
I remember when newer trailers for Paddington started coming out it actually gave a better impression for that film unlike the first one that came out before Paddington got a new voice actor at the last minute. Hopefully the same might happen for Peter Rabbit.
Okay, well at least I can easily tell which of the rabbits appears to be his sisters since they are seen wearing different colored clothing and that one chubby one appears to be his cousin Benjamin.
No idea, they could had least found a few good British voice actors. Then again the 2014 Paddington film also featured an Austalian actor.
[deleted]
This is true.  Paddington was surprisingly good (from someone who grew up with Paddington and has also done film VFX).  Would watch again.
I'd be careful about talking about the film in public if you're working on it, you're almost certainly breaking your NDA with whatever studio you're working for.
