There's a timeline out there where this movie is instead a real cheesy 80's and 90's callback where radical dudes and a lady get mutated by a mad scientist and go rampaging through the streets of New York, and Ralph the Wolf rides a skateboard through manhattan, and that skateboard is a bus.

This is not that timeline
[deleted]
GEORGEEEEE....
I don't understand the point of that last helicopter shot.
Me, during the trailer: "Where the hell is Lizzie?" 

Me, at the end: "Ah, there's Lizzie." 
Man, I miss playing Rampage as a kid.


^I ^really ^regret ^selling ^my ^N64 ^when ^I ^was ^12 ^to ^buy ^Enter ^the ^Matrix
Let's go down the list of other one note games Hollywood can adapt into a dumb action movie with the Rock:

* Galaga

* Jetpack Joyride 
* Pong
* Dig Dug
* Adventure
* Asteroids
* Cruis'n USA

Feel free to add more.
So Lizzie is a Croc now and Ralph is no longer a Biped?

.. Like really guys, I can sustain my disbelief. CAN WE STAY TRUE TO THE _SOURCE MATERIAL!!!?_ If eating humans and the occasional roast chicken doesn't increase their health or size i'm gonna flip.

Edit: BTW I'm seeing this opening night, no question. 
Friends, we’re looking at what might possibly be the best Video Game movie of the 21st Century... Seriously, the bar is low. This could do it.
It seems nobody told Jeffrey Dean Morgan this isn't part of The Walking Dead. He's still doing Negan.
This looks awful

I can’t wait
Can't help himself but do the Negan lean when trying to be intense. That said, The Rock battling giants animals I'm sold. 
Wow, they really chose the best date to release this movie
I dont think this is the type of movie they should play out super serious like they seem to be. Pacific Rim was a good example of how the tone in a movie like this should probably be.
Yeah sorry but nothing survives an A-10 attack.

BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTT
Why would they put a giant not-sedated gorilla on a plane?
The Rock and helicopters are like Tom Cruise and running.
San Andreas, Fast and Furious franchise, Rampage. 
I still can't believe that this was made at what I'm sure is a fairly high budget, yet they wouldn't give Gore Verbinski enough to do Bioshock.
What the hell am I missing about that random top-down helicopter shot tacked on at the end of the trailer? I've watched it 3 times and I'm not seeing anything going on in there. 
Curious George got ripped.
I'm already emotionally invested in the relationship between The Rock's character and the gorilla. 
I'll laugh if this movie scores higher rotten tomato score than Justice League.
I just can't believe they actually bothered to include all three playable characters. When one thinks of video game adaptations, Rampage has never really come to mind...but the crazy bastards did it.
[deleted]
What's up with the small clip at the end of just a helicopter flying? 
Honey, I Blew Up the Chimp 
Gotta admit, that crocodile at the end of the trailer is pretty badass. 
Despite all my rage, George just escaped from his cage
***I am Harambe the White, And I come back to you now, at the turn of the tide.***
I hope the animals win.

It actually looks better than expected, the creature effects look pretty great - wasn't surprised to see they're by Weta Digital (recent Planet of the Apes trilogy, Gollum, Groot, Jungle Book, Pete's Dragon, Avatar, Godzilla etc).

What was the point of that aerial shot of the helicopter at the very end though?
What is Negan doing on an airplane.
I feel like it should take place in Peoria, not Chicago!
[deleted]
Released on 4/20, how appropriate. I will get very baked so that I can actually enjoy this.
Ahh My type of stupid
While I really loved that last shot of Lizzy ( reptile ), I used to remember that game franchise as a parody...
Just like Battleship - drop your expectations to zero and you will never have more fun watching a movie.
Why isn't Ralph Bipedal?
You know what, this actually looks to be a fairly decent video game adaptation. 
They decided to adapt an arcade game and didn't have the balls to go all the way through with it? Where are my genetically spliced humans? It looks like stupid fun but they should have went through with that arcade weirdness. 
Yeah I don't think that's going to be the best movie Jeffrey Dean Morgan starred in
Oh my god, is this based off the old arcade game?
This is going to be the second best video game movie (after Mortal Kombat of course). I just wish Lizzie was a giant iguana or something though 
I love absolutely everything about this. "this sounds absolutely insane, ridiculous, and has absolutely no need to be made. I MUST SEE IT!" -basically everyone
“What’s happening to my friend” and “GEORGEEEE!!” had me rolling. 
I give this movie 3 beers.  As in "it's going to take 3 beers to make this a truly enjoyable movie"

I'm in
At least all the CG action is in the day and not at night. 
This Curious George reboot looks fuckin' weird, bro.
This looks awful. 
4/20 release date seems savvy

goddamn. even King Kong isn't safe from Hollywood whitewashing.
I miss this video game.... I hope George climbs a building, eats a person and burps fire....
I have no idea why they changed it from people being mutated into giant monsters, to animals being gene spliced into giants. 

Well, other than keeping it as the most generic movie possible.
I wish the monsters were cartoony, brightly coloured and anthropomorphic like in the games. I mean, look at how Ralph looked in Rampage: Total Destruction:   https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/rampage/images/6/69/Ze_Wiki_Ralph.png/revision/latest?cb=20130115024155

Also, the games were made by Midway, which now exists as NetherRealm Studios. They made the recent Mortal Kombat and Injustice games. So why can't they make a new updated Rampage game? This is the perfect time! 
“These animals must be stopped!” 

“Haven’t you heard Sir? It’s too late.”

“Johnson, what are you saying?”

“These animals, are on the...” 

*Both at the same time looking into the camera as the chaos in the background continues* 

“RAMPAGE... 2: Electric Boogaloo”

COMING TO A THEATER NEAR YOU - SUMMER/WINTER 2021

*Dance music plays as a spinning reflective skyscraper is used like a disco ball*

“In a world where monsters are misunderstood. You’ve got to prove that you can rise above the destruction and show everyone that you’ve got what it takes, to dance!”

IN 3D!
[deleted]
This is one video game I really never expected to get a movie. 
Looks way worse than I imagined it would
What the fuck was with the shot of the helicopter descending at the very end after they showed the title.
This does not look good...and not in a good way.
I wish they would have shown the part where George straddles the plane and steers it to the nearest city.
Is Dwayne Johnson the hollywood reboot guy? First Baywatch, then Jumanji now this?
It always bothers me in these movies when the A-10 or helicopters are all flying and engaging targets at 50 feet in the air for some reason... 
Ahahaha who the fuck greenlit this?
My god what a pile of shit
Why the fuck is that A10-Hog not going BBBRRRTTTTTTT???
Further proof that this is the darkest timeline.
Fucking Flash ruined it!
Fuck, now I'm just *extra* pissed now.
There is a timeline out there where this movies is instead a real serious kids book where curiosity finally gets the best of George. 

The final scene is the Rock walking away with George as he slowly puts on a yellow raincoat and hat.
I think having people that turn into monsters would have been a great opportunity to have a monster movie that, for once, actually features the monsters.
If any video game movie adaptation should have embraced the wacky, it should have been this one
In this timeline there is actually already a trilogy about a mass murderer called "Rampage" by Uwe Boll. 
You would think with all the 80s nostalgia craze right now they'd really capitalize on that with a Rampage movie.

Nope, let's just make another early 2000's disaster movie!  Those are going to catch on eventually, right?
Bummer man. This is like when I found that rampage machine at that arcade in Portland,OR but when I walked up to it I discovered the bastards had put world tour in a cabinet with the original 80s rampage cabinet art. Like fucking hell, I can pull out my N64 if I wanted to play that game. I have yet to find original rampage in an arcade.

Oh well, there was something weird about that place. Bunch of people all gawking at some game called Polybius or whatever, gave me weird vibes so between that and the fake out rampage I just said fuck it and left with a pocket full of quarters.
Please God let this be how the movie ends!
That's the dream 
I hope he fights [Kaiju Jason Statham](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb682WbGgOA)
Isn't that how he became The Rock in the first place?
The main human villain mutates himself into a monster. Rock does the same. The climax involves the now giant Rock teaming up with George (and maybe the two other monsters) to take out the bad guy.
What if he drinks a bunch of Nuclear waste and turns into V.E.R.N. and fucks all three of them up
There's a monster in Rampage: Total Destruction made of rock named Rocky. Just saying.
Yeah, the world needs more [CGI Dwayne Johnson](https://youtu.be/RYHaarxQTFk?t=25).
[Genetic Jackhammer?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYzMt9u-ij4&ab_channel=postmasterw00t)
That is far too good to be how this movie ends. 
*Watch out for that building*
It sounded like even he couldn't believe he had to say it. And that's one of the reasons that everyone should see this movie.
OPTIMUSSSS!!
George Of The Jungle...WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE!!!!
George. George. George of Chicago, strong as he can be.
Getting a real "CAESAR!!" vibe out of this :D
They're setting up a Spy Hunter movie!!!!
I was wondering the same thing. I watched that last shot 3 times to see if I misses something. I wonder if that was an accident.
Maybe it's a scene where they grab it out of the sky like in the game
Everyone lining up to one side, it looks like they are hinting at a side scrolling shot reminiscent of the game.
I'm guessing it's a reference to it being 2 dimensional game. If so it's really well done.
Hmmm. The SpyHunter thing might not be way off, in that they could be including some stylized arcade game scene. The old Doom movie (also starring the rock) featured a kinda weird first-person part of the movie that was supposed to feel like the video game.

[For those that are curious.](https://youtu.be/-dMA8NmdyW4) 
I'm pretty sure it's just a bumper so they can link the website, etc in the embed links on YouTube. 
Theres no way that isn't an accident right?
The Rock's meta line about that made me burst out laughing. Definitely going to see this movie
Lizzie is bae
Me too!
Well hold on for a minute, that could be Crock, the titular giant crocodile from Rampage: Total Destruction.

...Nah who are we kidding, that's definitely Lizzie
Hey now. Enter the Matrix was a great fucking game.

Still a loss, but damn i miss that game now.
Holy shit. I sold part of my Disney DVD collection for that fucking game. It’d cost an arm a leg to buy those films again in 2017.
Rampage was the first NES game I ever beat.
/r/emulation !
Rampage World Tour was my jam back in the day, probably my favorite N64 game.
Got Total Destruction, ended up playing World Tour more than the Wii game.

Right /u/P-Jax_13?
Who the fuck thinks N64 when they think about Rampage?

Arcade and NES.  Rampage was actually one of the first arcade games I ever had the pleasure of playing.  It could actually very well be the first.
So many hours and quarters spent on Rampage, because I was good at it and could make the quarter last.  
Enter the Matrix is one of my favorite games with cheats. 
Contra obv
Crazy Taxi
Stranger things 2 is a Dig Dug adaptation
Reminder that there is a [Tetris Trilogy](https://www.theverge.com/2016/6/27/12048422/tetris-movie-trilogy-why) in the works.
#JOUST

> (Cue synthesizer music)

- In a world, where war wages between galactic knights atop their flying ostriches, only one man (cue the most heroic face John Cena can muster) and one unlikely princess (young Samantha Mathis) face off against the Red Knights of the 15th Universal Quadrant (Whoopi Goldberg, James Spader, Dennis Hopper) in order to save their floating Sun Kingdom from certain doom. And maybe, with a little help (Andy Serkis as the adorable insectoid Ghiff, prounounced "jiff"), our heroes might be able to survive the countless waves of enemies in an *EPIC* duel that the whole family can enjoy!
What about if they combine all those games into one movie. Where aliens see our games and think that's how we fight and attacks us as retro games. So earth mounts a video game defense force to save the day. 
Ecco The Dolphin.  The Rock is Ecco - no CG, just some makeup.
There has to be SOMEONE in Hollywood that has played video games within the last 5 years and actually knows which of them have solid stories that could be easily adapted into a movie.  Off the top of my head:

- Metro 2033
- Deus Ex
- Dishonored
- Legacy of Kain

At least we know that The Last of Us is still in development.  It's a shame that other promising series got shafted during development: Bioshock, The Witcher, Halo, God of War, etc.
E.T 
Paper boy 
No, there *better* be a woman in a tub when they break one of the buildings up!
At least they kept them as an ape,lizard, and wolf respectively. So that is something. 
And they whitewashed George!
They're shitting all over the deep lore of the setting
They aren't even human's turned into animals. Wtf is this shit.
Obligatory:

https://i.imgur.com/5W9C3Hh.png
Serious question. In the original arcade game, aren't they human experiments? 
Be thankful it’s as shockingly as close as it already is for a game very few people even know.
Well there were lots of helicopters in the trailer.  
If only someone would make a live-action Dead Space movie...
Silent Hill came out in 2006
> Friends, we’re looking at what might possibly be the ~~best~~ **most electrifying** Video Game movie of the 21st Century
Animated Mario coming, though.
I honestly loved Warcraft. 
You think so? In all seriousness, I actually thought that Assassin's Creed was a pretty good movie. 
I dunno, the first Resident Evil is a pretty damn good film. Sure it's lazy in some places, but I personally think it has one of the best zombie movie atmospheres/situations there is.
I like the Resident Evil movies, at least the first 3.
Until they remake Street Fighter, still staring Jean Claude Van-Damme.
this is a prelude to the Walking Dead. while Rick was in a coma the Rock fought off giant rampaging monsters. 
I mean I wouldn't be surprised if the director said "Just do Negan."
He should add some John Winchester in the mix and get him and his boys hunting monsters. 
Finally, the unofficial continuation of the "San Andreas" universe where The Rock battles things far larger than himself. 
[deleted]
San Andreas is a fantastically terrible movie, and this looks exactly the same with added kaiju.

It's gonna be great.
So this is where Negan has been the last few episodes? Fighting a massive gorilla? Boy is he gonna have a story to tell Rick
Was thinking that, too. JDM is an awesome actor, I hope he doesn't start doing Negan-lite all of the time for easy recognition. 
*Leaning Intensifies*
JDM: Limbo Champion
George breaks out of the cage because he's tired of Easy Street playing
Is that bad? It’s his thing. Doesn’t really take away from the scene. But it’s kinda fun to notice like you did and now I️ know it’s a thing too to look out for. 
I know! What were they thinking going up against "Duck Duck Goose". It's going to get decimated.
IF YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING!
I don't know, the Rock's super meta line at the end about the croc makes me think this is going to be sillier than they are letting on.
Pacific Rim did sooo many things right. Every single cliche was represented and it was glorious.
the rock likes animals because his brother died

his female friend's family was killed by animals

Thomas Wayne has cancer

Deathstroke loses his son
To me it seems way less serious than Pacific Rim, which had this whole end of the world thing going on (I actually remember when the trailer for the second dropped, people were praising the original for having a lot of weight to the story line despite it being about giant robots fighting monster). The Rampage trailer has multiple jokes in it. The part about the 30 foot wolf, The Rock trying to start the helicopter, the ending line about the alligator. There isn't anything about this trailer that makes me think it's taking itself that seriously, I'm honestly shocked that you guys think it is. The release date is 4/20...
Yeah except if you FUCK UP THE SOUND EFFECT GODDAMNIT 

that wasn't a brrrrrrrrrt 


[this is a brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt](https://youtu.be/NvIJvPj_pjE) 

Why can't they ever get a gatling gun noise right :(
There wasn't even a BRRRRRRTTTTTT, just some shitty machine gun! Literally unwatchable 
the ting goes SKRRAHH
When will Hollywood get this right? Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt is A LOT more menacing than thpht thpht thpht thpht.
Its sound effect was that of a 50cal machine gun in this trailer... bit of a disappointment.
[Lock S-Foils in BRRRRRRTTT position.](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/7cvv5t/sfoils_locked_in_brrrrt_position/)
/r/brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
Started out sedated and woke up. I am sure the Rock will warn him about the dosing and how George needs a larger dose. But they just won't listen. They never listen. 
you can't make the poor fella walk to the city he has to smash to dust!
Something about miscalculating the amount of tranquilizer needed. 
Gore Verbinski was offered a high budget for Bioshock....as long as it wasn't R rated. 
I think the difference is this is a dumb PG-13 blockbuster staring an extremely popular and charismatic actor, while Bioshock should be a moderately-intelligent, violent, R thriller with not a whole lot of room for the lead actor to be friendly and charismatic. I'm sure they think this is a far safer bet than a Bioshock movie would be.
No traffic in Chicago!!! The plot thickens!!!!
I think they're teasing that Ralph is still totally gonna skateboard on a bus even tho he ain't bipedal like the games anymore.

At least I really hope so.
seriously, no idea. so random
He's Furious George now. 
At least the CGI is already better (seriously, what was that Henry face?)
And I’m stoked for a fun time. Not expecting a serious movie by any means. It’s just an action flick and I’m cool with it 
After seeing the rundown I kind of promised Dwayne I'd see all of his movies no matter what. I can't disappoint him. 
The big twist is that the helicopter gets genetically edited
It’s just showing you what it would look like if Chicago had no traffic lol
i thought they'd be bigger
I actually really dig the Croc and Wolf design. If nothing else they did a great job there.
Throughout the entire trailer I was like 'Where's Lizzie?'. 

She's my first video game crush. 

[Not human form](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--fQJe4Rlg--/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/18j26puiu8bxrjpg.jpg) though, that's weak and puny...

Yeah, that's right, 12 year old me was in love with a digital lizard. 
[In sign language]

On the 5th day, at dawn, look to the East.
also i am fucking giant now
flying?
*Leaning*
There was a rat aswell in later games
the blue one was always a wolf.

There also was a white mouse names Curtis, who was eventually replaced by Rhett the Rat.

a lobster and rhino are also in the later games.
Or blue. 
I'm guessing since they're no longer people who turned into monsters they decided to just make it a big wolf instead of a giant werewolf. I assume Lizzie will end up walking on all fours too.
Yep. 
What? Like Godzilla '98?
More like 3 joints, looking at the release date
I don't have any nostalgia for the game, but I think the anthropomorphic designs would be very hard to pull off. 
Here it is again! Proud of you!
boy that switcharoo cliche sure is getting old 
Evil Troy and Abed in the moorning. 
Shut up about your sci-fi crap! I LOST MY DAMN ARM!
Barry saw a sexy timeline and just had to fuck it.
Rock goes kong size and defeats the monsters in a 1v3 wrestle match.
As long as there's a final shot of a monster shrinking to a naked human who shyly slinks off to the side with their hands covering themselves.
Only if it has terrible Scorpion King level CGI. 
That would be theeeee *most* electrifying ending in movie history!

(raises eyebrow)
Genetic editing is a helluva drug.
So how is it this film didn't sweep the Oscars?
wow I cant believe Justin Long has an asian twin
Crank 2 was a mastapeece
Pls tell me this is real and not a joke reply
This is the part where we all throw our heads back and laugh. Ready?
Bredan frasier cameo confirmed!
Well, the final battle for Rampage *is* set in Chicago. [Guess where the second half of the third Transformers movie takes place](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ripru5tYe9Q)?
SPONGEBOB!
https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*UBLTZgbkuimp6qNwz9Vj6Q.jpeg
I would love for The Rock to star in a series of related movies based on older videogames that were never connected before.
I think this must be a new trailer version thing of 'after the credits'... the Deadpool Bob Ross trailer did the same thing with what I think is Cables hand picking up a bolt on grenade launcher but nothing else... maybe they're just lead-ins into the next trailer??
Pretty sure they're teasing the fact that Ralph is still totally gonna skateboard on a bus even tho he's not bipedal like the games anymore. At least I really hope so.
It's... No, not really. Rampage wasn't top-down.
Weird. I was just thinking of this game the other day. I'd say it was awful, but oddly addictive.
I preferred Path of Neo.
The "Hacking" for cheats was my favorite part
it was pretty big mistake in hindsight.  I still keep the game as a penance, of sorts.  It reminds me to never make that mistake again.
Contra's story is a little too complex for hollywood. 
Didn't they already do that with queen latifa?
Remember when Eleven went underground and inflated the monsters until they exploded?
Holy shit!  Mind = Blown
“Maybe it'd be best if an extremely long fourth script came along, slotted itself next to the existing movies, and made the entire project disappear.” lmao that’s great
"I'm supposed to be a "T" block, but my problem is I can take more than one shape."
> Ghiff, prounounced "jiff"

You lost me here. 
I distinctly remember an incredibly chesty scientist lady on all the loading screens.
I have a feeling that was a large part of the pitch when they presented this movie. If we're gonna do fan service lets REALLY ham it up.
Or a scientist in a cleavage-baring lab coat.
I hope to god they actually do this in some tongue in cheek fashion
Yeah but they were never animals to begin with, they were people! I was hoping to see the Rock transform into a giant ape.
I feel like an idiot, I always thought that was a Rat, not a wolf
Yeah true

GOAT username!
Rampage: Total Destruction referred to Lizzie as a dinosaur. Quite inconsistent  
Well, crocodilians aren't lizards soooo....
I wouldnt be surprised if it was specifically just to avoid King Kong parallel since the character is based off Kong. 
George was transformed by an experimental vitamin, Lizzie by a radioactive lake, and Ralph by a food additive.

Between levels the game had news bulletins that had humorous explanations, the one I can remember is... 
 
>Man eats (altered, enhanced, experimental? Don’t recall exactly) hotdog, goes howling mad. 

Clearly I need to fire up MAME and play some Rampage. 
Yeah if i'm not mistaken they are all human- also when you die you shrink and are suddenly very naked
I think Armie Hammer would make a good Issac.
Bioshock...
Event Horizon? 
They did! It's called Event Horizon!
I can't possibly upvote this enough! Dead Space source material could make for an incredible horror movie.

Now is a great time too, with things like the Alien franchise being explored etc. 
The one movie where everyone but Sean Bean dies.
I enjoyed that movie.
as a long time fan of the series... they... could've done a lot better. but it's accessible to people who haven't beaten the games I guess.
It's a solid fine out of ten. like 6-7/10.

So oooo close to being good. They should have done SH2. 
They got the atmosphere right which is one of the most important aspects of the game. I would say it's one of the better video game adaptions.
I really wish that film made more money. I loved alot of the art direction, it felt refreshing to see an actual fantasy movie, also mages casting actual spells that wreck shit.
I enjoyed it too, though I'm not big on WoW lore. Maybe that's why I didn't have any issues with it.
Same dude. My girlfriend and I went to see it for free from a T-Mobile promotion, I never really played that much but my grandma loved WoW, I thought the characters were awesome and I loved the world.
I really wanted it to be a good movie but the plot was all over the place and it just ended weird SPOILERS but the bad guy was just killed in a room of his peers and they did nothing. Maybe i missed something because i wasn’t invested at all when watching it but it sucked story wise, aesthetics and setting were cool but were nothing like the video games at all.
My favorite thing is they never cover up The Rock's chest tattoo so truly he could be the same character in every single film.
The Rock Cinematic Universe is actually really deep.  

Too my knowledge the timeline starts with GI Joe Retaliation.   The Rock saves America and cleanses the White House of Cobra.    Instant war hero.   After saving the world and losing numerous friends he decides he needs a more stress free job for awhile.    So he becomes a life guard in Bay Watch.

In GI Joe, The Rock mentions that he before being recruited he was living on the streets doing some criminal stuff.   He was clearly referencing his actions in Pain and Gain which he is greatly remorseful for.   This was a prequel film which is why its set decades before the main series.   

After getting his head on straight he decides its time to get back in action by becoming a helicopter pilot for the fire department in San Andreas.   His exploits then lead to The Rock being recruited as a super cop in the Fast And Furious franchise.   

Because he is a hero several times over his likeness has been licensed for video games as shown in Jumanji.   

EDIT: The only for sure canon are the films where The Rock's signature tattoos are visible.   I could hypothesize how his other films may fit into the greater canon though.   As I said, The Rock has very deep lore.  
I mean he kinda referenced San Andreas in here didn't he? He was a helicopter pilot in that movie and he says "its coming back" in this one. Co-incidence? I think not!
I like this theory, because it implies the Rock's character in San Andreas was best friends with a giant ape - and just never happened to bring it up throughout the events of San Andreas.
They're competing with Super Troopers 2. They'll lose that audience.
I think the Rock is good at picking movies that seem terrible but are actually good. Every movie I've seen with the Rock since Fast Five I tried watching ironically and ended up having a blast every time. This shouldn't disappoint.

PS - I have not seen Baywatch yet, but if it follows the pattern then it should be good as well.
holy shit Weta Digital is helping with this

I'm fucking pumped
"I swear to you not a single person in that city was a zombie."
Hope you got your shittin pants on.
There's the potential for him to be Batman in Flash Point so that would certainly be something different.
I hope your gorilla has his shittin pants on
And Super Troopers 2
I'm sick and tired of all these motherducking crocs in this motherducking city.
I just think that's Dwayne Johnson understanding the tone of the movie better than the director.
what
Honestly how can they have an A-10 in a movie in the 21st century without the appropriate sound. 
I can't express how disappointed I was with Stargate: Atlantis when they used such a dumb sound effect for the A-10.

https://youtu.be/JmF3lyIZ8KE?t=153
Hollywood screws up gun sounds all the time, and once you start to notice it, it annoys you a bit. At least it annoys me. Like, whenever someone reaches for their pistol, the same *clickety clackety* sounds come about. I know it's just as much an established auditory cue for the audience as it is a sound in the film's world, but once you start noticing it, it always jumps out in a way not intended. I think it should be used more sparingly.

Also, gunshot sounds are always off. And the endless magazines which never seem to run out of ammo. I mean, a really basic assault rifle can hold 30 bullets, and if you go auto fire, the magazine is emptied in about 3 seconds. Obviously not all movies need to be realistic, but a character having to reload after 10 minutes of constant firing is pretty silly.


I love the soldiers cheering, that A-10 gun is simultaneously the best and most terrifying sound ever.
I too was triggered by this.
MANS NOT HOT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu_qfE38TjM
They clearly didn't as you can see by JDM's super cliche, condescending response of "oh I think we'll be fine" with the bonus implication of knowing better than the protagonist because he's the government.
It must be a send-up for some top-down helicopter pilot arcade game from the same era as Rampage, but no one can figure out what game that may be.
Assuming it's as bad as I've heard I can't wait to be distracted by his weird upper lip for the whole movie 
He is also playing the villain in the next mission I possible movie, and he has a mustache for that role. Apparently Paramount refused to let his shave his mustache, so they had to cgi it out for JL. There’s really no logical answer for why they did that, as it is far easier to add a fake mustache, then it is to digitally remove one. I like to think it’s cause the lawyer at Paramount hates the lawyer at WB, and just wanted to be a pain in the ass. 
Can't have too much CGI destruction on our hands here
Weta Digital, baby.
I like all of them. Making George albino instead of a regular app is a great idea I'm.
Rampage: World Tour!
They know what they're doing
Nightssssss....
Damnit Barry!
Pulling a Rock Bottom on a giant crocodile, and then dropping the People's Elbow on a giant wolf would be glorious.
Hold up, playa! George is Rock's friend. This is now a tag team match. Holla, holla, holla!
No wait please let the rock get giant, have a giant heart to giant heart with George to calm him down, and then they 2v2 with the wolf and crocodile. I will pay money to see that. 
Of course.
still can't regrow hair or increase dick length. makes giant gorilla wolf croc
What movie is this

Edit: watched the video on mobile, didn't see the title 
The Academy hasn't recognized true art in decades.
Seriously, Giant Rock vs Giant Negan? I can only get so erect. 
[READY!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxXEPk3dzFg)
FOR ASGARD!!!!
Oh my sweet ~~Jesus~~Dwayne Johnson
They're starting the Midwayverse. After spy hunter, we'll get Tapper, then it'll go into phase II where we'll see Joust that eventually leads to Gauntlet: Origins.
That would actually be a fun cinematic universe.
Spy hunter would then lead to modern warfare. He'll become a soldier and then take down shinra in final fantasy, where he'll chase sephiroth to the promise land. But only the reapers await him there. 
So are you telling me that we've reached a point where teaser trailers have teasers and trailers have "post credit" teaser scenes
Well here we are talking about it, so whatever it is it works.
I could be looking at it through rose toned glasses tho. But damn did I enjoy it
Username checks out 
I fucking loved that game. 
Path of Neo was the shit. Right off the bat it had a really innovative way of determining game difficulty.
Don't worry, China is working on it. 
You mean 2 macho Americans go alone to new Zealand to kill a bunch of bad guys and then plot twist turns out the bad guys are being controlled by aliens? Sounds like an 80s action flick tbh.
I thought that was an American remake of a French movie. 
And Jimmy Fallon (slaps desk in fake laughter)
Haters gonna hate but I found that movie to be enjoyable for what it was.

Solid 6.5/10
Wait... uh... 

I think I need to go lie down.
...an episode was literally named Dig Dug.

Am I being "woosh'd" or did that actually blow your mind?
You mean Dr. Elizabeth Veronica?

https://imgur.com/gallery/enDnT

I remember her talking on the phone to some general or something between levels and it was your usual cartoonish angry guy gibberish. Cracks me up every time.
I've never forgotten her ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
She's now played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan!
This should be higher. Why are they just rehashing the plot of every other disaster movie? There's a much better non-Marvel version of The Hulk story to tell here. 
Then he dies at the end and just reverts to being Dwayne Johnson again, poor guy.
You may be thinking of Rampage 2: Universal Tour which introduced three new monsters in addition to the original cast of the arcade game. That game had you playing as a rhino, a lobster, or a mouse and you unlocked the original characters by destroying the respective cities that they were trapped in. For reference, [Curtis the Mouse Monster](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51DEOELKuwL.jpg) is on the right side there.
Thank you :)
Personally I just can't wait for the video game tie-in to this movie adaptation of a video game love letter to monster movies.
Probably the same reason Lizzy is a giant crocodile instead of a giant lizard.
Not that it would really matter. See the [Donkey Kong lawsuit.](https://www.flickeringmyth.com/2017/03/the-true-story-behind-universal-suing-nintendo-over-king-kong-and-donkey-kong/)
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6462  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/76634)
Was really hoping to see VERN in this too. Hopefully the bad guy turns himself into VERN for a final showdown at the end. 
Also Lizzie needed more screen time here. 
Weren't they naked the entire time?
Or Gunner Wright, the guy who was the facial model and voice actor for Isaac, who is also a film actor. 
See, for both of the things you guys just listed the games do a near perfect job of telling the story they aim to tell, with the added effect of you having agency in the story. I don't see why a film is even necessary. It's already a visual medium. 
And his character dies in the source material even.
i enjoyed sean bean and pyramid head in that movie.

cutie main girl character was just okay
> it felt refreshing to see an actual fantasy movie, also mages casting actual spells that wreck shit.

So much this. I don't think we've ever actually had a real high fantasy movie like this before?
I'm a huge Warcraft lore nerd. So much so I'd be comfortable teaching a class on it. The movie didn't stray that much from the game lore. In fact I think one of it's major flaws was it didn't explain the lore well enough. Though I'm not sure you could in a 2.5 hour movie period. I'm not sure you could do it well in anything but a game or TV series.
If you look at the film through the eyes of someone who just got done playing an expansion where there is a literal alternative timeline/dimension and things are much different, the story seems more reasonable as a potential alternative dimension.
I'd put good money that his contract outright refuses him to ever be required to cover it up. Granted it's been awhile since I've seen *Southland Tales*, where I think part of the plot involved his tattoo? I couldn't tell you because I'm not Richard Kelly and I just like Timberlake dancing to The Killers.
Spoiler Alert:  All the movies The Rock has been in are actually one giant super-long film adaptation of Quantum Leap.
This is stupid. It's so ridiculous. He wouldn't just be recruited to be a super cop. They heard he became sheriff of a corrupt town and cleaned it up with a 2x4 and Johnny Knoxville. You can't just say crazy things here, this is the internet. 
Where does Scorpian King fit in
Maybe the ape is his therapy animal after the events of San Andreas
When do you bring that up?
City being destroyed, “So my only friend in the world is an albino Gorilla.”
Double Feature.
Stoner dads have an easy choice. 
Double Feature, Fam
As much as I love Broken Lizard and all they make, I think Super Troopers 2 is going to bomb HARD in theaters.   Rampage is going to kill it.
Baywatch was pretty lousy. Was hoping for more of a 21 Jump Street kind of comedy, but it was mainly just dick and shit jokes. You can skip that one. 
Pretty much all the rocks movies a pretty enjoyable but baywatch is the exception. It’s pretty bad.
Tyrese is the only one in Hollywood that is butthurt at The Rock. Everybody else says he's great to work with. He just mad that he went broke putting a benihana in his backyard and a Starbucks in his living room. 
I don't know man, I felt not even the Rock could save that trash. And I love me some Rock movies.
Weta Digital are VFX _GODS._

I wanna work for them some day.
It's gonna be pee pants city here real soon!
Did you see TWDs premiere last season? Hes already Bat man.
[deleted]
They had a Blackhawk with a key start. 

I don't think verisimilitude is a high priority.
That made me laugh out loud, even with the warning I didn't expect it. Thank you.
what the fuck is that a civil war gatling gun?
That entire episode (2 episodes? Idk) was stupid. It went slightly weird and noir if I remember it properly. Not exactly the monster of the week cheesy scifi I watched stargate for. 
Silencer pew pew.  No recoil on full auto one handed assault rifles.  The quietness of guns in general.  Racking the slide / cocking the hammer gratuitously.  Wrong sounds.  Stupid tacticool add ons.  Bullets knocking people into the air.  Bullets instantly killing no matter where they hit.  

The list. Is. La.Rge.
[deleted]
[You be the judge.](https://i.imgur.com/331a1nx.jpg)


Weta is doing this? It's gonna look awesome 
And then the Rock Sharpshooter on the third monster.
the title of the youtube video is Crank: High Voltage: Godzilla Fight scene.  The movie is crank: high voltage and this is the godzilla fight scene from that movie.
Genetic editing can change that.
Bad guy falls in poop....
IIRC, that actually is The Rock, and that game was actually based on a movie adaptation of Spy Hunter staring The Rock that never finished production.
In the summer of 2019, brace yourselves for battle toads  Los Angeles, staring Dwayne ( The Rock) Johnson.
I think it had a decent story, but the gameplay was pretty buggy and the controls were schizophrenic.
Do you just have that picture at the ready? 
I approve of hot scientist.
One reason: 🤑
Naked Dwayne Johnson. Covering his Johnson. Trying to sneak away, only to get eaten by one of the other monsters.
It's so rad that there are people that not only remember the sequel to World Tour, you know it's details. 
Seems weird they would use 2 of the originals and the mouse on the box art
Shit if they remade the original with modern graphics I’d buy it. 
Sort of like one level further than *Street Fighter II: The Game: The Movie: The Game*?
Well I'm guessing they don't want to confuse people since Kong is still fresh in people's minds
[Love](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1541874/?ref_=nm_knf_i3) was amazing
That's so crazy... it just might work
I just miss Rapture. 
Because a film's strength is that it can be all about the story, while in video games you have inevitable filler sections that are more about the gameplay than story. 

For example, one of the weaker points of the Nathan Drake and Tomb Raider series is that each protagonist slaughters hundreds of people throughout the games. Obviously this is for the sake of gameplay, but it also directly contrasts with Nathan's easygoing attitude and Laura's supposed naiveté and academic focus. Both have there relatability hampered by the gameplay.

A film, assuming it was well done, would be able to showcase the stories of these characters in a stronger fashion because they wouldn't be filled with overly gratuitous action sequences and obtuse puzzle sections that make you question who would ever have built this shit.

The problem is, these films are rarely well done because they usually over rely on cashing in the fandom and often take the wrong elements from the games (or stray too far).
For people that do not play video games. My wife loves science fiction, but has no interest in video games (and can barely work a controller). 

I don't NEED them, I played the games, but there are a lot of people who don't play video games still.
Well, they basically switched his and his wife's role. Is it really the same character if they reversed the rolls but kept the names?
I thought Radha Mitchell was really great in this, a very grounded and easy to empathize with take. 
Pyramid Head's appearance makes no sense if James Sunderland is not in the movie
Who doesn't like JT dancing to The Killers?
I'm sure The Rock has that in his contract for most movies now. I read somewhere once that he stated before the tattoo got the chest piece I believe in one of his earlier films, maybe The Scorpion King that it took atleast an hour to cover up. 

Now he's to big of a movie star to care for them to cover it up. Curious if he'll have it as Black Adam.
It was covered in Hercules 
The weapon he used in The Rundown was actually a 4x4, thank you very much.

(I'm drunk and stupid. It wasn't The Rundown.)
> They heard he became sheriff of a corrupt town and cleaned it up with a 2x4 and Johnny Knoxville.

I swear to god I spent 30 seconds going "Nah dude, you're thinking of Arnold Schwarzenegger in The Last Stand" but I looked it up to double check.

Apparently Johnny Knoxville has been deputized in two different movies about badass sheriffs.
I was going by the premise that if the tats are there then its the same character.   But I will not rule out the possibility of The Scorpion King and Hercules being his ancestors.  
ST2 is a dramatic tale of police work and Rampage is fucking hilariously stupid.
Broken Lizard should attempt a doing a Netflix or Hulu series. I think their target audience would enjoy the smaller screen antics.
somewhat related - i dated a woman, whom i met on tinder, for roughly five months. she was fairly attractive - pretty, round face; flawless skin, large green eyes, long blonde hair, nicely shaped, perky breasts with flawless nipples, and a butt molded by the gods of yoga. unfortunately she wasn't very interesting to talk to and her existence and who she was as a person was entirely defined by her attractiveness. not a lot of things piqued her interests. however, she had this insatiable thirst for sex. she always wanted it, all the time. and while i'm certain many of you will think, "dude that's amazing!", i'm also certain that it wasn't. there were times i wanted to simply sit on the couch or go out and enjoy the day, yet most of the time we couldn't do those things because she wanted to have sex. the moment we'd arrive home she'd throw her clothes off with celerity and start rubbing herself to get herself going then rush over to me to pull my pants down and try to blow me. she was out of her mind. i can vividly remember a time she was blowing me during schindler's list, which by the way is really fucking hard to get an erection to, and so she was blowing a flaccid, sad dick for like an hour. 

one night we went to go see baywatch in theater and about midway she started rubbing herself and biting her lip because she was getting turned out (ostensibly) by the rock and zac efron. whenever those two were on screen i'd see her hand slip down her pants. a few people were around us and ignored her. immediately after the credits rolled she begged to go home because she wanted to have sex. i wanted to first stop by sweet frog but she vociferously objected. when we got back to my place she wanted to know if i wanted to role play. i agreed. she went into my room and closed and locked the door. i thought she was changing into something. the door opens and she comes out with a printed picture of zack efrons face with holes punched out the eyes and mouth. she was also holding my red boxer briefs. she requested i tape the face onto my own, put on the boxer briefs to emulate the bathing suit, and fuck her while wearing the paper mask of zack efron. that's when i lost it and flipped out on her, called her crazy, called her out of her mind, demanded she seek psychiatric help and therapy. she started crying hysterically and left, and i never saw her again. she blocked me from all social media so i can't even see how she's doing or what she's up to. 
I liked Baywatch but wish it just went overboard like Rampage seems to be. It cracked me up so much how he treated lifeguard duty.
And no titties. When I saw it was rated R, I was stoked for titties. But the titties never came. Just dick jokes and cleavage. 
I love [walking tall](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edR_niqKp1Q)


EDIT: link to trailer
Haha holy shit. Looks like it's been photoshopped for a "you think this is a fucking game?" style meme.
What the actual fuck hahahahaha

God that's horrible 

Edit: 2 hours later and I'm still laughing when I look at it 
Why?
Lol is this real?
I am in fucking tears right now this is the greatest thing i've seen all year possibly in my entire life give this photo the nobel peace prize right now please for it may have not brought peace to the world but it has brought eternal peace to my soul 
Holy shit, I can’t stop laughing. This is incredible. Who the fuck thought “Superman HAS to look like Robbie Rotten or this is all fucked”? 
*Hello Clarice*
ROFL
They’ve gone full Thumb Wars with the animation
Bless Tom Cruise for causing this
My friend says like he looks like a Polar Express character
What the hell is that!?! 
Jesus Christ this movie is going to be a shit show. Nothing can save the DCEU at this point.
Indeed. I definitely assumed they would've went cheap on this, but perhaps not.
But they’re friends. 
Thanks, I look forward to watching it! 
Classic element of physical comedy!

Correctamundo.
Sweet Jesus please make that movie. It'd be so fucking stupid and fantastic at the same time.
Followed by the sequel: Primal Rage
Going and seeing The Matrix Reloaded and seeing the power plant explode, knowing that I had played that mission already, it was just awesome. Very cool tie-in where you're not just playing the the movie's story, but rather playing a story that complements it. 
It’s time had come
He has a folder.
For whatever reason, this is the one I played when I was younger. My local blockbuster seemed to only have this in stock for rentals, so that’s where my time went. 
It'll be survival multiplayer game in a procedurally generated infinite city where you get spawn-killed by players who got the double-size power-up in a loot-box.
Have you read the novelization, Rapture? Its actually pretty good. The story reads as if it could be adapted into a miniseries.
All you really need is a man and a lighthouse 
Probably the rest of the early to mid-00s indie bands that had catchy songs that JT didn't dance to.
He'll probably be wearing a suit most of the time. Besides that, Black Adam is Egyptian and I doubt they'd really want him to show off a giant Polynesian tattoo unless they change the character a bunch. He also seems crazy excited about Black Adam, so he'll probably be willing to cover it up.
What about The Rundown?
Halfway through this comment I looked to see if it was Vargas. 
I'd look for any opening to tell that story,  too.
So...she's single?
what the fuck
Regardless of whether this is true or not, I was more entertained by this comment than the trailer I just watched.
/r/thathappened here we come!
Soooo....how was the movie?
Awesome use of "vociferously".

Also, Jesus Christ.
You see, that was one of the things I liked. How he thought being a lifeguard was equivalent to being Interpol. But, lets be real. I watched Baywatch because of enourmous boobs bouncing up and down on a centerfold that was running in slow motion. What did I get? A dead floppy dick and vomit in a pool.
Fun fact, that's the movie that I decided "This Rock fellow knows what's up. I will watch his career with great interest."
[deleted]
This is what happens when you CGI out a moustache, kids. 
Because they did a bunch of reshoots when Whedon took control, and Henry had already changed his appearance for the new movie he's working on, including a mustache I believe. So they CGI'd it off.
Henry was filming another movie when they had to do re-shoots and in his contract with the other movie he could not shave off his mustache or beard, so they had to CGI his top lip to look like he had no beard.
Yuuuup

No ones a friend when it comes to winning the WWF Championship!
It doesn't MATTER that they're friends! That Kong looking, booty tootin', white haired goofin' Jabroni Sandwich is coming for the WWF championship and The Rock will layeth the smacketh down on him.

For the Millions........And MILLIONS of the Rock's fans want the People's champ to be the WWF championship, if you SmellllllLLLLLLllllllaaaaow!   What the ROCK!  Is Cooking?
IT DOESNT MATTER IF THEY'RE FRIENDS
Watch the first Crank movie before the second, they are basically Part 1 and Part 2
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as Sonic the Hedgehog. Michael Cera as Tails. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as Knuckles because he can not be stopped. And Danny Devito as Dr. Eggman.
Remember you could make one of the apes take a piss on somebody?
It’s a very nice one
Game rentals made blockbuster almost no money. We hated game rentals.

Source: former blockbuster store manager (that’s an old fashioned sentence now).
THERES A NOVEL?!?!

I love Bioshock, buying it now.
No gods or kings. Only man.
And a city.
Poor Franz Ferdinand.
I checked for shittymorph.

I was waiting for the Undertaker to throw her off Hell in a Cell and have her plummet 16 feet through an announcer's table.
It came up organically. Reminds me of the time I banged Ertha Kitt. 
"Somewhat related" boy did he deliver on that promise. 
Every fictional character is single if you think hard enough.
It blew
His dedication was the running gag. I enjoyed it well enough. I saw someone comment on another Rampage thread about a Baywatch Nights sequel and hell yes to that.
Disney can CGI a whole dead person and it wasn't this bad.
To add to it: the reshoots were 15-20% of the movie, and they had two months to do the reshoots. That would leave only two months to do the CGI for the reshoots, on top of whatever CGI was left for the rest of the movie.

And they decided to edit out a mustache as part of that.
I will only be satisfied if a giant Hulk Hogan helps him win in a tag team match against the crocodile and wolf. 
As someone that likes cheesy over the top action flicks, how good are those movies?
how about a good Double Dragon movie...  

or some got dang Dragon Warrior, for chrissakes'
What's the difference? Seems a higher chance for late fees as well seeing as video games are more time consuming than movies.
It's actually pretty solid. Outlines the time before and immediately after the Fall, including its construction.
Would recommend it for any Bioshock fan. I managed to get through it in a couple days because I couldn't put it down. Author did an amazing job staying on course with attention to detail, and many of the audio diaries found in the first game are re-imagined as present scenes of the novel. I would also recommend replaying the series after reading. Doing so gives you a "everything makes sense" feeling.
I was just waiting for her to turn into the loch ness monster amd demand tree fiddy
Too long. 
I saw a big story and a gold and did the same lol.
In an airplane bathroom
You deserve more points
Yeah, I enjoy The Rock in just about anything, good or bad. I wouldn't fault him for me not liking the movie, that dude is nothing if not consistently entertaining.
Yeah, for all the shit they got, Tarkin was better than this.
"So they gene-edited you too?"

"Uh, no brother."
Goddamn Hogan. 30 years past his prime, still won't put anyone or anything over.
That's not a good idea. [This is what happened last time.](https://imgur.com/ueZgoOr)
[deleted]
They are great, just absolutely batshit movies that are always at 110 percent energy. I prefer the first cause it's a little more grounded (which is saying something) but still enjoy them both thoroughly. Wish they'd make another. Also a lot of your enjoyment may hinge on whether you enjoy Jason Statham, but if you somehow don't this may change your mind. 
>cheesy over the top action flicks

These are the dictionary definition.

JASON STATHAM NEEDS ADRENALINE OR HE DIES SO HE MUST DO RANDOM ACTION MOVIE STUNTS ALL THE TIME AND FIGHT EVERYONE.
Actually so good dude, it knows exactly what it is
If you like cheesy over-the-top action flicks, I also highly recommend Shoot 'Em Up if you haven't seen it. One of my all-time favorites in that genre.
The other guy hit it. Licensing. Blockbuster didn’t own any of their movies until after a certain amount of time (determined by the studios). Games, especially games geared for children, don’t last long comparatively when you think about how much damage they’ll take in regular use. By the time we could sell the game as a PRP item (previously rented product) or POP (previously owned), they’ve taken enough damage that we’d have to reduce the prices to super low or they wouldn’t sell at all.

As a small side note, did you ever wonder why in November/December the displays were huge and had more movies? We would renegotiate the contracts in January and blockbuster wanted a good end of the year boost to rental percentages so they could negotiate with better deals.

I worked in the largest store in the LA district (which was, funnily enough, not in LA County, we were in the OC) and we received 1,000 copies of Troy when it came out and 3,000 more over the next 2 weeks. I can’t even tell you how many copies I put through the shredder. Oh yeah, we had a special shredder that destroyed dvds (and cut vhs ribbons) so no one could steal anything (even though I also broke a theft ring that had gotten over 6,000 dvds at that point).
I was waiting for some jumper cables
Also shittymorph's stories are always normal. This one was far from normal.
ROXANNE!
Goodnight HULKAMANIACS and jabronie marks without a life that don't know it a work when you work a work and work yourself into a shoot,marks
Not enough brothers, dude jack brother dude.
Fuuuuuuck youuuuuuu Chelioooooooosssssss
#NO.
