Pretty incredible how a movie can look both so expensive and so cheap at the same time
Ah yes...the 2 minute teaser trailer. 
It's like someone saw last year's King Arthur and thought, movies aren't so hard, I can do that. 
What time period is it supposed to be in this movie? All the outfits seems just a little too modern.
1. I really like Taron Egerton, so I want to like this. 
2. Trailers spoil everything. 
3. This looks like someone tried to make a mash up of Arrow and Kingsman. 

I was hopeful about this before watching the teaser. I hope it’s good but it looks like it’s going to be very forgettable. 
Looks like a less sexy version of King Arthur: Legend of the sword
Looks like a generic mashup of Assassin's Creed (the movie) and Ritchie's King Arthur. Why take the worst aspects of both movies and double down on them?
Still stand by my claim that the animated Robin Hood was the best one.
This looks more like a superhero film than a folktale film. Then again, maybe that's what they were going for.
As someone who has been Robin Hood mad since I was a little kiddo, this looks completely dreadful. Looks like they planned on making Assassins Creed 2 and decided to change the title half way through.
So this is a CW movie, right?
Needs more slo-mo bow'n'arrowing
This looks....terrible.




Like Green Arrow Origins terrible



Everything looks so polished and clean and over the top. 
Okay, [this shot](https://i.imgur.com/YTHTCA6.png) totally reminds me of [this]( https://i.imgur.com/dTJSZO7.jpg)
That looks like shit
Last I checked he’s Robin Hood not fucking Legolas
Leather jackets, hoodies, skinny jeans and combat boots. Is this the prequel to Arrow?
They really really really need to look at why the marketing for king arthur failed so spectularly and find a different approach. 

At the moment this looks almost indistinguishable from king arthur- a film people clearly decided against. 

They need to give a single reason to be intrigued by it and sell the shit out of that- slo mo action footage is not going to differentiate it. 

An engaging intro to edgertons character perhaps, whatever. Just look at king arthur and dont do that
They should have gone with Robin In The Hood
Wait... what time period is this? It looks to be Middle Ages, except everyone has modern haircuts and modern costumes. Is that a Molotov cocktail? In a factory glass beer bottle?!

Super jarring. 
King Arthur 2: the Legend of the Bow
The casting of Jamie Fox is perfect for medieval, north-western European setting.
They came up with a lot of ridiculous looking ways to shoot arrows. 
Holy fuck this looks like garbage
I didn't see Kevin Costner, not interested.
Let's make Batman Begins, but with Arrow's costume designer and just borrow sets from that King Arthur movie that came out last year.
oh, this looks so bad... like.. suprisingly bad.. 

And it also looks like one big trope full of cliché and other tropes.. oh, boy.. why...
Movie Exec 1: “You know what people like?”
Movie Exec 2: “Good writ-“
Movie Exec 1: “Slow motion action and explosions!!! 
            Let’s do this!”
Movie Exec 2: “oh sure I was gonna say that” 

Robin Hood wears a hood. Well, I'm sold.
LIONSGATE, YOU HAVE FAILED THIS CITY
You spend so much time and money making a film, and you choose to spoil something, in a trailer, that could have been such a cool feature of the film, if not spoiled until the right moment (in the film).. 

Do they love ruining their own work in hollywood?
Another Robin hood remake?
This is going up against Creed 2, Wreck it Ralph 2 and the second week of Fantastic Beasts 2.

They might want to pick a different weekend for this.
This somehow looks like it could either be terrific or the worst movie of the year, I can’t tell
What the fuck?
It feels really cheesy, but DAMN they got me with all the slow motion! :-)
This looks ridiculous. I have to see it.
I'm not saying that this Otto Bratwurst is a bad director or anything, but the bottle shown at 1:48 minutes looks like something I can by at the local store. 
looks like it'll be a fun blockbuster to watch when you're high 
I don't know why they keep trying.  Nothing will be Robin Hood Prince of Thieves.
Oh no...
They do know what a "teaser" trailer is, right?  
I never said “man the costume and production design look so bad” before about really any movie. I did when I saw this. 

Edit: Also getting some serious antifa vibes from this. That should go over well. 
People are ragging on this but they apparently worked with the John Wick choreographer early on in production, and consulted [that Lars Anderson guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEG-ly9tQGk) on the archery style. I feel like the action might at least be decent.
This movie **might** be entertaining, but it's **definitely** going to be bad.
That could be the biggest pile of shit I've ever seen. I'm not even sure where to start, so I won't. 

Is Nottingham a fantasy realm? Robin Hood is definitely set in middle ages england. 
I'm wondering how many more period piece movies will choose to give everyone modern looking haircuts and garb. This for me ruins any chance of immersion right out of the gate.  

I seriously assumed from the thumbnail that Fox and Dornan were standing on a street corner in Brooklyn and that this would be a modern day retelling. Only reason I clicked. 
How many Robin Hood movies do we really need? 
The wardrobe is really confusing.  It keeps bouncing back and forth to something I would see people wearing today and then what people are wearing in the 1920s and then people in the 17th century.  
Not really a teaser if you show most of the important plot points of the movie...
Wow this movie looks bad.
This looks abysmal 

That looks awful.
Eggsy from the kingsman looks a little gruff
It's so nice to see action that is properly shot, i.e. no shaky cam/goldfish attention span editing.  Hell I'll watch it for that alone
I barely make it to the first minute. Hard pass.
I love the Robin Hood character and mythos. Why the hell can't Hollywood get it right? 
Why do these Robin Hood movies need to be so serious and bad ass? They are so generic. The book is lighthearted and it can really make for a fun adventure movie.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
Guess what? It did. I watched the Errol Flynn version a few weeks ago and it holds up immensely. It has great acting, awesome stunts and an awesome costuming department. Do yourself and watch the trailer. 
&nbsp;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ist_bZLP9u4 
&nbsp;  


&nbsp; 
&nbsp;  
You don't need a ton of special effects. All you need is a good story and the right mood.
I realized that Lionsgate has made some of the shittiest movies in the recent years. Hope they go extinct soon.
At least King Arthur looked nice, even if it was very bad. 

This just looks so incredibly cheap, like others have stated. I do like the pseudo-medieval/future designs though. Reminds me of Final Fantasy. 
Why do all Lionsgate movies look like this? It’s like they don’t know how to color grade and it creates this very uncinematic feel. 
I wonder how much better this trailer would have looked if they tried to play it that Taron isn't Robin Hood. 
Oh my god that final shot of the arrow going into the movie title is possibly the most budget thing I've ever seen in my entire life.

More excited for the Kermode rant than I am the actual film. 

Looks shit.
This movie looks like it's going to take itself way too seriously
Looks like someone made a movie adaptation of the videogame, *Thief: The Dark Project*, and at the last minute decided that no one likes movie adaptations of video games, so they renamed it *Robin Hood* because if there is one thing that people despise slightly less than adaptations of video games, it is remakes of the Robin Hood story.
Now this is an Assassins Creed movie. 
This "teaser" is garbage.  I now know all the twists and plot-points of the film.  I know Robin Hoods backstory, the plot, and the the entire romance from start to finish.  

If I had been interested in seeing this film in theaters, watching this trailer reversed that.  
I'm so confused....
THE FILM. THAT NOBODY ASKED FOR.
"To save my city, I have to become someone else. I have to become *something else*."
Oh God not another Robin Hood movie.

It's like if every Spider Man movie was about the origins of Spider Man
So is Taron Egerton Robin Hood? The line "he's all of us" makes me think they could do what they did with Gray Fox in the game Oblivion. For those who don't know the Gray Fox is a notorious thief, and the head of the thieves guild who is later revealed to not actually be one person, but an alias used by whoever wears the Gray Fox cowl, essentially everyone and no one.

Could be an interesting spin on a classic tale that has been told for hundreds of years
So many arrows.  Double arrows.  Triple arrows.  Quadruple arrows!  Jumping with arrows. Jumping and rolling with arrows!  Arrow explosions! 
I'm confused. Robin Hood was meant to be in Nottingham and the surrounding area. That doesn't look much like Nottingham from what I've seen.... Although I may just be pedantic.
It's a movie with swords and bows. I'm always happy when they spend big money on such a movie. Let's see.
Still want to see Nottingham.
Seems like 90% of discussion on this movie will focus around its costume design, it's so strange. If the movie's going for a vague retro-fantasy feel that's modern-esque fashion & culture in a medieval world that's fine, but shouldn't the trailer establish and clarify that in some way? 

Most people still seem to be wearing tunics and old-ish shirts with a modern twist, but Ben Mendehlson is wearing big dressing gowns and silk suits, and even Edgerton is wearing a modern blazer in one scene. 
This is a when-it-comes-to-Netflix-I'll-maybe- watch- it-movie.
I didn't think the thumbnail looked medieval enough, so my mind jumped to this movie being a modern retelling with emphasis on the *Hood*. 
Ladies and gentlemen, your biggest bomb of 2018 right here.
So....we're back to the Bagger Vance/Morpheus/Morgan Freeman mystical African American man who helps the white man achieve greatness while remaining a side kick? AWESOME!
Those costumes are terrible. This looks stupid and mindless.
That trailer was gash, looks like a shittier version of the new King Arthur. Also, what country is this set in? Looks nothing like the UK looks more like Italy hahah.
So many Robin Hood movies but not a single Dennis Moore movie.  It's not right.
History always forgets how common black guys with American accents were in 12th century England.
More like

The Green BatArrow Thievesman Circle: We are ~~Spartacus~~ The Hood 
Men in Tights was the absolute finisher of Robin Hood movies.

Nothing can compare, why try
How to make an English folklore legend into a joke. Well done Hollywood <3﻿



A movie for those upset they can't see Hawkeye this year
Seeing Mendelsohn as Sheriff Nottingham makes me wish they were doing that Nottingham script that [eventually morphed](http://www.slashfilm.com/how-nottingham-became-robin-hood-screenwriter-tells-part-of-the-story/) into Ridley Scott's Robin Hood. 
I think this actually looks fun, with some clean action shots. Plus I'm a sucker for anything set in the middle ages, so I'll probably be seeing this one.
Taron Egerton is delicious and that’s all that matters. First day first show. 
Can we stop making this movie?
Well that logo at the end was fucking hilarious I'll tell you that. 
This is one of those 'if theres nothing else on' options
Looks like a copy of the last King Arthur movie. Black guy and all.
Those costumes are... bad. 
Was that Tim Minchin at 0:57?
Fuck you Hollywood
"the other english medival character, shot like the guy that made snatch and king arthur!" 
The one thing vaguely interesting about this is the double life persona thing they seem to be going for, which could be fun. It's got a great cast, which might elevate it to at least passable. But still, this is one to stay far away from until the reviews are in. 
So is that village getting burned down again?

Other than that, the trailer locked and sounded so much like generic action movie trailer that I thought that was a parody.
The screenwriters are a first timer and the others last credit is a short film from 2010.... that really inspires confidence. 
Way too serious for my taste
I feel like the trailer makes it a lot worse than it is. or not, i dunno
Slow motion explosion in first second of trailer

*close window*
So... is the whole movie in slow motion?
So they kept the set, crew and cast from the Guy Richie King Arthur movie to save some money?  
I want to like this but I'm not excited about Ben Mendelsohn as the sheriff. I saw him for the first time in Ready Player One and he makes a HORRIBLE villain. Also, the whole let's-make-archery-sexy-like-with-Hawkeye thing? No thanks. It's just not a viable close-combat weapon. I'll just have to wait for the reviews - maybe this will be great!
BWOOONNNNGGGG!!!!!!
What did I just watch?  I feel conflicted.
Alright, I can't wait for the fan super-cut of this and King Arthur. And might as well throw Russel Crowe in there as well.
lol teaser trailer. They showed the whole movie
Oh shit, 0:56, is that Silent Bob? Movie cross-over event of the year!
A toll is a toll. And a roll is a roll. And if we don't get no tolls, we don't eat no rolls...I made that up myself.
Looks awful :D
Every time they make a Robin Hood movie, they burn our village down. 
Robin Hood ~~Batman~~ Begins. 
The movie looks bad, but whoever edited this trailer needs to be shot.
Thank God for MoviePass, I won’t have to regret paying for a ticket. 
It wins 10 Oscars easily
Getting dishonored vibes.
do we need another Robin Hood movie?  
There's tons of untapped folklore from all over europe, why not burn those millions on something different..
Can we just like, go a couple of decades without seeing a Robin Hood or King Arthur movie?

I know the cultural significance of these tales. But I am tired of seeing the same story told slightly differently each time.
this doesn't seem like the right tone i would want for a robin hood movie. not saying all movies like this should be like *Men in Tights* but do they all have to be dark and gritty now? 
ya no
I was named after him, so I'm very skeptical, but it looks interesting. Taron Egerton could provide an interesting twist that hasn't been present since Men in Tights (not the same as Men in Tights, obviously, but in terms of how it deviates from a Gerard Butler-type Robin Hood).
Wow, the new season of Arrow’s really gone off the rails.
Am I the only one that thought “Robin Hood” with Russell Crowe deserved a sequel? 
I thought it was solid frame work for trilogy, at least. 

Best Robin Hood film still goes to “men in tights”. 
Eggsy, we've invented a time machine...
this looks like batman/assassins creed 
Badass
Sir Johnathan of Wick.
We already have Men in Tights. 
Has it already been eight years since Hollywood first learned the lesson that a big budget Robin Hood movie is a bad idea? Time flies...
I really want to see Taron's career take off. This is not a good sign.
I cannot understand what they're saying.
Stop fading in and out of black, you fucking fuckchop.
Robin Hood should not be a big budget movie.....
Ugh this is what they come up with? Robin Hood is one of my favourite characters and has way more potential
So this is where Hawkeye went!
Hollywood Money Laundering 101
Is this real? 
Why even bother trying to top the 2010 version?
I feel like we should have a game of how many slow action shots there will be and what's with the random fireballs around the city? 
I really like what they did with Ahchoo.
ugh
A 2 minute "teaser" trailer? That's called a trailer.

Also: Inception BWOOOMMMMMM
This is not how a bow works... 
They should've cast Glen Powell from Everybody Wants Some!! as Robin and done it in the style of the Errol Flynn version as a way to combat the onslaught of cynical blockbusters. They could definitely modernize it as a swashbuckler like Pirates of the Caribbean, but have it be light, adventurous, romantic, and fun. Who knows, maybe they'd have a sleeper throwback hit instead of a surefire dumpster fire flop on their hands.
I thought the day would never come but compared to this, the Russel Crowe Robin Hood is pure gold. Wow, this looks so bad from every possible angle...  
So back to "Robin Hood - King of Thieves" who is atm the best modern (not counting Erol Flynn here) rendition of the Robin Hood story.
Assassin's Hood
Super dooper cool version of Robin Hood that knows how to use bullet I mean Arrow time
So is this movie actually set in the Arrowverse, or ... ?
Getting V for Vendetta vibes. shitty and poor V for vendetta vibes
the original kingsman
This looks like King Arthur 2 : Robin in the hood 

STOP REMAKING ROBIN HOOD
It looks like The Arrow had a baby with King Arthur. And not in a good way.
I'm beginning to think it's simply not possible to make a good Robin Hood movie without Errol Flynn.
Alas, if only Dornan had more acting ability than a wet sponge 
Complain all you want about how obnoxious and terrible this looks, but there's a method to this madness - young sexy people, doing jumpy, spinny, shooty through explosions sells tickets in China.  
BWAAAAAA. This looks like complete shit
Anyone else think it looks like it has some kind of weird modern-but-Medieval look to it?
It's like that Combat Arrow Guy: The Movie.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEG-ly9tQGk
This looks awful!!!! Clothes to modern, fancy weapons and explosives.....what Robin Hood is this supposed to be about. 
My name is Robin Hood. After five years in Sherwood Forest, I've come back with one goal...
An edgy, action-packed take on a timeless classic is exactly the kind of blockbuster the film industry has been lacking. How refreshing. 
This looks like one of those godawful video game based flicks, only it doesn't have that excuse.
Guy Ritchie’s Medieval Cinematic Universe.

Make. It. Happen.
This trailer looks awful. I see better CGI in computer games these days. The clothes feel wrong. That is simply not the way you use a bow. It's just another of those bad action movies which got a popular character's name slapped on to it.  
  
Amazing but it looks like Taron Egerton might go from "I like this guy" to "Not this bloke again" within two movies.
Someone needs to talk to the wardrobe department.

Medieval and then you have coats that look modern?

King Arthur 2: Robin Hood 
Man... This shit looks garbage. 
I really dont think you can make fast paced arrow shots look cool... Its not like firing a gun.
The bow shooting looks amazing! But that’s about it ☹️
Oh God this looks fucking terrible
Bats' dying thoughts. 
This is for the key "blockbuster budget Red Box movie" demo.
Uggghhh.  It gives me Gods of Egypt flashbacks...
It's because it's such a high production value. but at the same time it's a cookie-cutter writing job. It's empty and mindless with almost no substance.
Robin Wick
Yes, very strange and offputting. Maybe now to November is enough time to make it look better.

It's also edited like a 2003 movie. 
Make 'em say Uhhhhhh, Robin of the Hood: The Shootening, or Yew Fast, Yew Furious
God it's weird how surgically clean everything looks.

Here is a BBC Robin Hood show, this feels much more in the spirit of the setting. I feel it needed to go for a more character based angle, not "how do we make it look like modern day revolution plus action movie" nonsense. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSJ7yzl9rJY

I guess this movie was greenlit because they thought Guy Richie's King Arthur movie was a good idea.


The Medieval England cinematic universe just doesn't have the budget to compete with the big names.
it's the 300 appeal
And here I was impressed that the movie didn't look like digital mud.
That first aerial shot of... well I'm not sure where that's meant to be, London? Doesn't look like London... anyway, yeah, when seeing that, I thought the same thing. Big expensive CG shot of an olden times city... just looks bad.
that's what the rum is for.
A teaser trailer that not only shows too much for a normal trailer but reveals major plot points and twists.

Yay for modern trailers.

I mean, there's probably some *really* tasty dialogue they didn't show that I'm sure is the *actual* highlight of the film!  *throws money at screen
The trailer proper will be the fucking film at this rate.
The first five seconds is the teaser, the rest is the trailer.
I feel like I pretty much have seen the movie now.

I'll pass.
Actually, the teaser trailer is that bit in the beginning that says “A Robin Hood trailer”.

/s
A yes ... the teaser trailer with a major twist in the middle of it.
That gives away the plot.
The first half of King Arthur was a pretty decent Robin Hood movie.
I really liked King Arthur... engaging throughout and a killer soundtrack.
King Arthur looked, sounded and felt way better than this
The funny thing is Arthur, as cheesy as it was, was the right kind of popcorn fun. Has a lot to do with Ritchie's pacing and dialogue/characters telling stories. This "looks" like Arthur but with out any of the stuff that at least tries to make it fun. 

"Hey slow-mo and explosions work for Bay, so we have to do them" - Some exec.
King hood: legend of the bow
Yo King Arthur was fucking rad though
Isnt this Part 2?
Eh, I like glowing eyes + glowing swords
Right? That dress with all the fancy design looked like it's from a decade ago.

And at 0.24 their dresses look like straight up modern blazers/suits.

Also that training montage (at 1.30) with a fucking tshirt? Wth?


The thumbnail looked like a screen grab from Training Day.  It actually made me a little interested in it at first.  A modern gangster retelling of Robin Hood could be interesting.  This on the other hand looks like a fake movie being made in a show like Entourage.
I thought it was a modern Robin Hood for the first half of the trailer.
Seems like it's in the Knight's Tale universe.
Should be sometime in the 1190s. So just after Kingdom of Heaven and a hundred years before Braveheart. 
Assassin's Creed meets V for Vendetta meets The Kingsmen meets Gods of Egypt. 
It looks like a bunch of 21st century people wandered into a Robin Hood themed theme park and decided to make a film with a combination of what they had on them and whatever was in the park.
Questioned it until they mentioned that he was a crusader. It went from sci-fi-ish, psuedo modern universe to a cheesy representation of the 11th-12th century.
Glad someone else noticed it, I had to pause a few times to look at their outfits because it looks like they’re in modern suits. Almost expected it to be like an assassins creed thing by the end of the trailer 
Isn't it some kind of post-modern take? didn't they release a screenshot of the villain, and his soldiers had like pulse rifles?
Good question. When was the Molotov cocktail invented? It's set right about the same time.
That's a problem with many "medieval" shows/movies. While flipping channels, I watched part of First Knight the other day (you know, that dumb movie with Richard Gere), and couldn't believe how horrible the costumes, lighting, make up, hairdressing looked. Nothing looked like it was from the middle ages. 

This has the same flaws, they're just hidden behind a bigger budget, like you'd hide a terrible face behind more make up. 
I'm guessing all of them. we have Robin Hood shooting arrows at a tank.
Yeah, their clothes really confused me too 
I thought it was a steampunk re-imagining lol
I agree. I really wanted to like it but it from this teaser trailer it just looks....cheap and kind of tacky. I hope this is a super early version and the final version is better. 
> Trailers spoil everything.

It's fuckin Robin Hood lol. Everyone knows the story.
> 2. Trailers spoil everything.

It's a weird combination of what I expected before I started watching but then didn't expect it after it started but then still felt like they ruined something by showing.

Watch the first minute and be sure to stop before 1:10. It's enough to convince you whether or not to watch without ruining it. 
I would think that the whole "reveal" of the trailer was conceived only for the trailer.

I don't think a movie that spend the first half trying to misdirect you about who was the protagonist would end up being very successful. You'd never really be able to get a good look at him or let him speak. It would look and feel pretty cheesy.

I don't think it really spoiled anything. Taron Egerton was always billed as being Robin Hood in the movie. It would be a terrible secret. 
I completely agree, especially to your third point.
It has to become someone else, something else.
> 
> 
> This looks like someone tried to make a mash up of Arrow and Kingsman. 

Middle Age Kingsman sounds dope to me. Kingsman is dope, more like that would be welcome.
It looks hella corny, but that's not necessarily the end of the world. The worst sin a movie like this could commit is not being fun. Here's hoping it's stupid, good time lol
At least King Arthur had Guy Ritchie directing it, so it was kinda fun (yea I know that's an unpopular opinion around here, Edit: I'm not even saying it was good, just that it was fun) 
Two wrongs make a right?
I was just about to comment that I'm getting strong Assassin's Creed vibes from this trailer.
I call it a toss-up between that and Men in Tights.
The poor rabbit boy whimpering as his birthday present is taken for tax struck a cord with me as a child that I still find myself flashing back to.  He was so sad :(
Oodelally!
Wrong. Errol Flynn Robin Hood best Robin Hood.
By far. 
He was kinda hot.
It has one of the greatest and most exciting climactic scenes of any animated film for sure:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPqLG9gBKxM
Nope, Prince of Thieves 
I liked the Kevin Costner version. It's a fun film.
It's certainly one of the most memorable.  
This is art coming full circle. Robin Hood inspires Green Arrow which evolves to inspire Robin Hood. 
Can you imagine this being part of some folklore cinematic universe?

Robin Hood teams up with Billy the Kid and Joan of Arc! They get assembled by Merlin the Wizard, and King Arthur comes back from the dead and helps the heroes when they're nearly defeated!
Haha, I had a similar thought..."This is what would happen if Assassin's Creed and 300 got together and had a kid."
More arrows were fired in that trailer than in Arrow Season 4, so...
Wow this is offensive.

Suitable, but offensive. 
*Slo Mo Bow and Arrow* is my favorite Dr. Seuss book.
right. seems he can only shoot if hes doing a 180 first.
Tbf it looks freaking sweet. 

Especially that shot in which he shoots those two guys in opposing directions while turning in midair.
The entire set is probably a green screen
needs more "un-folding of arrows"
That's the thing: if you make an action movie, you have to increase the stakes, so the logical conclusion for an expert bowman in action movies these days would be a cross between an Olympic acrobat, marksman, and a UFC fighter.
They need to look why the movie failed not the marketing.  This movie just looks over the top on everything: characters, explosions, action, plot.  It so much overkill, it's boring. 
Did you just say Abe Lincoln?
> Is that a Molotov cocktail? In a factory glass beer bottle?!

Look closer, there is fucking tank on 1:49.
King Arthur 2: Electric Bow-galoo? 
Morgan Freeman did it first!

The Kevin Costner reason was that Robin was a returning crusader - which in the 1990s was seen as a good thing. He brought this guy back with him to England from the Crusades because reasons. 
Caaareful, careful. You dont wanna start this here. You can't win this. Saw this happened too many times.
Dave Chapelle was busy.
Period accuracy is racist now.
Are we pretending that this is the most unbelievable thing in the trailer? Did you just ignore literally everything else in order to cite this as your biggest problem/inaccuracy?
He's supposed to be playing a Moor warrior, I think, so his skin color isn't a huge inaccuracy. This said, it's Foxx, and they could've gotten an international actor for the part.
[deleted]
Stranger still, he’s 5’9 and playing Little John. I think the screenwriter took the name a bit too literally
And they'd be right in their conversation? Compare the box office of shit-tier Michael Bay films to riskier propositions with better writing.  
> Movie Exec 1: “Slow motion action and explosions!!!

Movie Exec 1's job could be replaced by a low level AI.
You can't do slow motion action and explosions without Guy Ritchie. That's the major mistake here.
I have worked on a blockbuster film where the President of the film group at the studio called after he had seen the first week of dailies... and he literally asked the director to shoot more like Michael Bay.

Sometimes I really wish I had jsut gone to school and studied finance or law or some other shit.
you mean EXPLOSIONS???
Coming Next Summer: Robin Hood V King Arthur: Public Domain
its a Public domain story, so dont be surprised if you see a few more
One of these days they'll get it right.
This was the THIRD date for the film. Originally slated for March 23 then September 21, both of this year.

At this point, I don't think this would have succeeded regardless of the release date.
The full-length trailer will be 10 minutes long and include a complete plot synopsis.
It’s the one without every spoiler 
Occupy Nottingham?
No one should take Lars Anderson seriously.
That video is a joke right?

that was my first thought when i saw him shooting the arrows while also holding them in the draw arm.
Action can be wonderfully choreographed and still lifelessly shot. As it appears to be here. 

Michael Bay perfected a style that he more or less lifted from Tony Scott. And ever since the first Transformers we've had a string of less capable filmmakers trying to lift from Bay. Generally to vert lifeless and dull results.
Eh, I don't want to get hyped over the trailer just yet. A lot of generally crappy action movies still have some good shots they save for the trailer. IIRC Assassin's Creed looked like it was properly shot too and look how that turned out.
properly shot = egregious use of over choreographed slo-motion with a fuck ton of VFX plastered on top.

The thing is shaky cam is great when employed well. Same with slo-mo. The problem is a lot of filmmakers are given a big tool chest but don'e have full command over how to use all the tools.

This looks like a B-Movie that they spent way too much money on.
That would require them not trying to put their own special stamp or twist on it.  It's weird that after 100 years, the Disney one with the fox is closest to a lot of the tales of Robin Hood I read as a kid.
It looks like Westeros more than anything. I could swear the villain was sitting on the Iron Throne.
Found the Swedish princess
That's my shit.
Reminds me more of the latest king Arthur movie
gods of egypt was dope.

muhfuhkahs out here trying to act like giant jamie lanister fighting two giant snakes isn't intrinsically interesting
Im thinking more The Great Wall with Matt Damon.
It looks like King Arthur minus Guy Ritchie's crazy directing style. 
I was thinking more Hawk Eye: Origins, but the Wick resemblance is a bulls eye for sure.
Robin "John Wick Kingsmen" Hood
Its Robin Hood meets V for Vendetta.  They even have the "We're all Robin Hood" line in the trailer just like "We're all V". 

Also has a female apprentice and army of fellow ~~masked~~ hooded men/women


Reminds me of King Arthur. 
Mate, what are you on, the BBC Robin Hood is total shit. The cinematography is absolutely horrible, as is the action and acting. It genuinely feels like a British kids tv series from the 90s even though it's only about 10 years old. It's dorky and corny and not in a good way. It feels like the Blue Peter version of Robin Hood.   

You also haven't seen the movie yet, so you can have no idea of what the split between action, plot and character is in terms of its primary drive.
> greenlit because they thought Guy Richie's King Arthur movie was a good idea

That film was a goddamn hoot!
That was pretty bad too.
That show was terrible and tried to be political while just being a rubbish nonsense show, the same goes for Merlin, and the 3 Muskateers, it's crap family entertainment 
I liked Guy Ritchie’s King Arthur. Fight me. 
What ever happens to real teasers like the very first teaser for The Dark Knight. It was literally just an image of the bat symbol fading onto the screen with some dialogue from Alfred and the Joker's "people will die" line into the laugh. That trailer told me and showed me nothing and it managed to get me hyped.

Teasers nowadays are seriously just trailers. How does anyone consider them teasers?
i bet the girl one likes the hood one but not the boy one even though they're the same one
Yep. I wouldn't mind a Guy Ritchie-directed Robin Hood.
is it worth while? I'll give it a go tonight, I think it's on Prime...
King Arthur was really fun. Like stupid Saturday night on your couch fun. Wasn't the best movie by any stretch of the imagination, but very enjoyable. 
the CGI was pretty great
I enjoyed the film, yeah its wacky, sort of with it kept the plot original but whats original when it comes to King Arthur or Robin Hood, these stories are always being changed every two decades 
and the weird riveted tank thing at 1.49? it looks like it was made in the late 19th century
[deleted]
Then the mentioning of the Crusades
Knight's Tale was a comedy, though. It was self-aware, smart, and didn't take itself too seriously, even during the dramatic parts of the story. The anachronisms were used intentionally, to help with the comedy. This movie looks like it's playing things straight, with no meta-awareness of how silly it's making itself seem.
Knight's Tale had historical, middle-age, feeling. This movie has middle-ages in the modern age. Molotovs, tanks, police with its shields.. they shouldn't even bother calling it Robin Hood and giving him cheap-ass bow. 
Honestly that wouldn't be too bad if they were going that route, making and embracing a few anachronistic choices to draw parallels to  the present era.
Hopefully everyone can sing a Queen tune during the battles.
remember all those 12th century tanks and molotovs?
At least the name is based on soviet foreign minister Vyacheslav Molotov, which would but that around WW2.

Flammable oil / alcohol mixtures bottles are likely older invention, but not likely what angry mob carried after right crusades. Edit: oldest reference i found with quick googling was from Spanish Civil War, so around 1936.
Apparently about the same time as the fitted sport coat.
> cheap and kind of tacky

I'm from Nottingham & my local cinema shared this trailer - before Ben Mendelson popped up I genuinely thought it was a locally made amateur film
Robin Hood isn't also the oppressive King, though. The trailer says they're one and the same. Granted, that could be some kind of redirection but it's pretty dumb for a trailer to do that.

I'll be seeing this one online, not in the theaters.
Which is why concealing Robin Hoods identity could have been an interesting take on the story. But whatever... I didn’t even know this movie was being made until I saw the trailer. It’s not like I’m pissed off about it. I just briefly thought “hm that could have been an interesting reveal during the movie”. 
Do you guys ever think about tension over surprise before you complain about spoilers in trailers? Think about Hitchcock's bomb under the table argument in this context. Imagine the movie being based around him keeping the Robin Hood identity a secret. That creates a lot of tension and allows for a lot of different suspenseful scenes around whether or not his identity will be revealed. It works with the character's conflict that the movie will no doubt bring up, about how he has to reconcile being a thief and being a noble at the same time.

Now imagine they keep that as a surprise. Everything I just mentioned is lost. Instead you get an easily telegraphed twist that everyone will complain about being obvious. It's a surprise for a moment and then that's it, it fizzles out. There's no conflict or narrative tension for that character now. Honestly, it's just like basic writing for this type of story, where your hero is also the "antagonist" in the world of the film. The audience has to know they're both because that's what the story is building its tension around. It's like Dexter in that regard. Those types of stories don't work if you keep it a secret.
Yeah I felt like it could have been a cool moment in the movie if the trailer hadn’t spoiled it. But after seeing other marketing materials for this movie (didn’t know it was being made until today) it appears it was not something they were trying to hide. Oh well. 
> I would think that the whole "reveal" of the trailer was conceived only for the trailer.

That's exactly the vibe I got from it. Way too many scenes with him unmasked in the trailer for that to be a legit twist. 
To save his city!
> yea I know that's an unpopular opinion around here

Not really, that King Arthur movie is right up there with that Walter Mitty movie in "films that r/movies inexplicably adores"
I fucking love that film man!
I will say it. King Arthur was good. And I am not ashamed of this opinion!
I really liked that movie, it was entertaining enough that I could ignore whatever made it a "bad" movie. I have my doubts about this one though, this looks aimed at a younger audience so I won't be seeing it at the theatre. 
No I absolutely agree with you, I was thinking the same. This just looks cheap, generic and terrible. King Arthur *at least* had the Guy Ritchie mannerisms, which made it watchable and even briefly entertaining. It was still a steaming pile of shit, though, but I watched it once and Im ok with it. This I will not even see, unless by some miracle it gets glowing reviews.
It’s like all of these movies are already decided on years in advance and studios push through with them regardless of how the others end up fairing...
[deleted]
I actually met Cary Elwes a bit ago and while I'm no celebrity hound, the man is a perfect gentleman. Men in Tights was great fun too!
Right? It's not even a contest. 

That's a movie that introduces Robin Hood by having him crash a gigantic feast of Norman nobles with a goddamn stag over his shoulders, using the carcass to take out a couple of guards on his way in. Then he sits down and starts eating Prince John's food like a boss, calls him a bitch to his face, and takes out another twenty dudes on his way out the castle. 

That movie, and Flynn's portrayal, fucking owns. 
"You have failed this Shire." lol
It really does look like Arrow with better production (i.e. more money), can't wait to see some batman villains in this flick as well.
Arthurian legend basically is a (non) cinematic universe, it'd work really well. E.g. Sir Gallahad standalone
The League of Extraordinary Medieval Gentlemen?
so who are they fighting? Genghis Khan?

ngl with or without him I would watch the shit outta that movie
Something like [Tall Tale](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111359/)?
Sounds like just the kind of movie to get Sean Connery BACK into acting!
Don't give them ideas.
Robin Hood, King Arthur, Joan of Arc, Ragnar Lodbrok, Beowulf, Frederick Barbarossa, El Cid, Enrico Dandolo and Vlad the Impaler all team up to combat the Mongol menace!
I think you're describing the plot of Bill & Ted 3.
Billy the Kid and Joan of Arc were real people but I get what you're saying.
I would watch this!  
And then that kid grew up to fuck CW's Arrow.
Don't forget the critically-acclaimed sequel *Mo Slow Mo Bow and Arrow, Mo Problemz*
I dont know. It looked like they were trying to make fun of this, cause it I found it really funny and strange how randomly those arrows were flying away. And in that tank shot he was still pulling the string (not sure of the proper name) and arrow just flew away, haha.
My thoughts upon seeing that were "this would have been significantly easier to just walk out normally and stab them in the face with a sword".
No, I said "Hey, Blinkin'".  Hold the reins, man.
Yeah, but Morgan Freeman's character made sense. And Robin's meeting him was made plausible. Plus they didn't just ignore the fact that he was Black. They addressed it a few times, and kept true to how people would have been back in those days. They also did that character justice, with a lot of respect.
would probably be better if it was Chapelle.
Was it just Egerton or Fox that was the crusader? If it was Fox, it'd be somewhat believable. 
Imagine the awkwardness when they first meet and realize they speak two different dialects of English and can't even understand each other.
Robin hood in the big city...
[deleted]
Merlin travels 800 years into the future and tells Robin Hood that King Arthur needs his help to defeat Beowulf.
Not gonna lie, a self aware crossover franchise... could be fun. Especially if it gets a little meta, like each has there own theme from a different composer and the style each is shot in differs. And there's some kids playing a video game and they get sucked in.
Just once I'd like to see one with an East Midlands/Yorkshire cast
I think the dr who episode did it right lol
it def can just a date maybe in january
Not from a historic standpoint, no. But definitely from the point of view of creating engaging choreography and action sequences with a bow and arrow.
I forgot how cringey that video was, holy shit. The narration makes it sound like he's Indiana Jones or some shit studying long lost manuscripts he found in a buried temple- my dude, all the shit you showed is fairly commonly accessible knowledge, it's just that nobody outside of military historians gives a shit about exactly what techniques archers used in warfare, because believe it or not, arrows aren't really used in warfare these days. 

Also not quite as important I know but his actions are so goofy looking it's hilarious, he definitely thinks he looks far cooler than he does here. 
Who is Lars Anderson and why shouldn’t I take him seriously?
Same. Holy fuck this movie is already certified garbage.
I can't think of a single movie where shaky cam is great.  
I liked that movie a lot. I don't entirely understand all the hate that people are giving it. Yeah the villain and his motivations didn't entirely make sense but wasn't there initially supposed to be more movies after it? That line Arthur says "why make enemies when you can make friends" is still one of my favorite lines in movies! And I loved the OST. 
Geoffery Rush as Ra, flying a spaceship dragging the sun, fighting off a giant space worm was worth the price of admission and then some.
Gods of Egypt was what it appeared: a cheesy, CGI action-adventured film and I liked it. Didn't try to be any more.
Gods of Egypt was the pinnacle of a good bad movie, loved it.
The Great Wall was at least beautifully filmed, this movie looks like crap
How dare you imply that "Tag" won't be the Hawkeye origin story we've all been craving.
It might be nostalgia but as a kid [Robin of Sherword](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1K2OAC5ISPI) from the 80's was the best rendition of the Robin Hood stories I've seen that none of the remakes that came after could ever compare. 
"Feels like a British kids tv series from the 90's"! Did you just slag off [Maid Marion and her Merry Men](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFt3WlSi4_U)? How very dare you!
They gave up on quality hardcore towards the end of this show too... I remember one of the main characters wearing camo jeans for most of a season. 
Teasers are now full trailers.

Full trailers are Reader's Digest versions of the movie and you see the entire story arch and any major twists as well.
Im literally the guy in the picture 
We talkin Spiderman?
It would've worked a lot better tbh, Ritchie's style worked super well for all the gangster street-level stuff, but the movie fell apart a little bit with all the 'epic' dramatic magic stuff. 
We already have the magnificent treasure that is Ridley Scott's Robin Hood, what more could you possibly want from life? And I mean absolutely no sarcasm here, I love that movie lol.
This movie is as close as you're gonna get. 
I saw it in theaters with some friends, and we all left the building wondering why the RT score was so low. It's not a cinematic masterpiece, but it's highly entertaining, and a nice twist on a classic tale.
It is worth it. It lags off at the end, but still enjoyable. The ending was not bad but the movie had potential to be a lot better and I think that is why people are disappointed in it. You can tell the people envolved gave it a good shot, it just missed a little. 
It's okay. The editing is a bit rough on some parts and the script needed a bit more love. But it's okay.
Is it? I hope it is but you may be thinking of *The Lost City of Z*.
My favorite part was when Arthur starts throwing out Dark Souls UGS weapon skills. Like, dude literally does a stomp.
Perfect way to describe that movie

I described it as hungover on a Saturday, wife’s at work, and you just ordered pizza kinda fun 
I feel like Arthur started out as an okay Idea, then came the goofy CGI.
In King Arthur? That CGI was terrible. Everything looked like a video game cut scene, the final battle in particular.
Ambiguous fantasy steampunk, man!  It's all the rage!
[0.10 there's some kind of sheet metal roofing?](https://i.imgur.com/utwOVtD.png)

[0.17 hex nuts?](https://i.imgur.com/aKYJNdy.png)

[1.47 a machine blown glass bottle?](https://i.imgur.com/9p0sMWZ.png)

Seems like a modern retelling, perhaps guns were made illegal or somehow hard to get.

However from the plot synopsis on imdb

>A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown in a thrilling action-adventure packed with gritty battlefield exploits, mind-blowing fight choreography, and a timeless romance.

I get none of that.

idk
It's so anachronistic looking it makes me wonder if this movie's going to have time travel.
Green glass is actually the easiest to make.  It's clear glass that's hard.

That said, I believe it was around the 18th century that you started seeing glass used in more everyday circumstances, and not until the late 19th century that automated bottle production made it universal.
I'm from Nottingham and this has given me a hint of what cultural appropriation feels like lol
> Knight's Tale had historical, middle-age, feeling.

https://media.giphy.com/media/qzmjxMUa5L6GA/giphy.gif
I exist outside of linear time. 
Greetings, neighbour!
Is it showing him as the king? It looks more like he's someone in the royal circle (maybe a prince?). Some robin hood stories has him being of noble/royal birth. 
I'm guessing it's a misdirection that the movie is going to make a mystery of his identity. There are SO many scenes in the second half of the trailer where he is unmasked that I can't see them having that as a legitimate twist. 
He's not the king, though, so you weren't spoiled by that. He is advising but def not the king
This is like saying President Roosevelt and the Terrorist of Germany are one and the same.  HUWAAAAT?
The issue I have with this trailer isn't that it reveals his identity, it's that they play up the mystery of his identity for the first half of the trailer. The first thing I hear when I click play is, "You're not curious? Who's under the hood?" The trailer implies the mystery of his identity is going to be a major aspect of the film, then solves that mystery for you a minute later. The movie may be better served by creating tension rather than relying on a surprise, but the trailer did not do a good job of articulating that tension. If the trailer had started by revealing his identity and focused on scenes that highlight the tension as you've described I think you'll find a lot less people disappointed by it.
I normally don't get bothered by the "spoiler in the trailer" and really wasn't in this case. I just passively thought that would have been a neat thing to see in the theater. I'm not displeased, I just think they wasted a tense/interesting moment by putting it in the trailer.

A prime example of a similar thought I had recently was in the second trailer for A Quiet Place. In the second one, they revealed not only that [she was pregnant](#spoiler) but also that [she was going to have the baby with a monster feet away](#spoiler).

I know exactly why they revealed that - to get more butts in seats. I was already committed to seeing it in theaters but even I said "oh I'm definitely going now". BUT, after having watched the film I think it would have added more suspense and intensity if we hadn't known one or both of those things. I think the second one was definitely the case. If you didn't know that was coming and all of a sudden it did - imagine how intense that whole thing would be, even more so than it was. 

I also kind of felt similarly about Jurassic World II. It boils down to the fact that personally, I'm a bigger fan of the trailers that give you a lot of background, a little bit of the first few minutes, then just contextless shots from throughout. Rather than give the full plot (JWII) or show one of the most intense moments in the trailer (AQP). 

My comment about Robin Hood was simply to this point: after having watched the trailer, I expect I would have enjoyed the film more if I'd just watched the first 60 second and then gone to see it. I haven't seen it yet, so obviously I don't know.
"He's not you."

"You sure?"

*proceeds to a show a scene of them with his hood outfit on*
Yeah at first I was like "Oh wow Jamie Foxx is actually Robin Hood, that's interesting."
Don't forget Warcraft and Power Rangers
It's amazing how many people will die on this Guy Ritchie hill.
me too thanks
Watch it as an adult, you'll absolutely love the sheriff. 
Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of Nottingham is still my absolute favourite version of that role! "I'll cut your heart out with a spoon!"
There's just so much *personality* to Flynn's Robin Hood. I've yet to see a version that matches it. He did for Robin Hood what Wyeth did for pirates.
“You speak treason!”
“Fluently.”

Love that movie.
That moment when you realize that Tolkien's The Shire is just a reference to any larger, unified geographic area, like y'know, shires.
I'd be really happy for a cinematic take on the Arthurian legends that captures the fundamental weirdness of the stories. Closest I can think of is Excalibur.

So far I've not seen an adaptation that includes the time Arthur killed every baby born in May. [Except this one I guess](https://www.mythpodcast.com/3867/27b-king-arthur-mayday/)
If they're following the Marvel formula, their villains have to be the [evil version of themselves.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zPEtyAsM94)


Well IMDB seems to list Jamie Foxxx as being a Moorish commander that changed sides maybe? I mean lets be honest, if people watch this trailer and their takeaway is "omg black people, how inaccurate" then they've had to force themselves to ignore the rest of the trailer completely to make that seem like the biggest one.
That's when Sherlock Holmes shows up and quips us out of the scene. 
If Arthur was real, he wouldn't have spoken English and the ancestors of the English would have been his enemies.
Arrow
dumb fact: due a copyright issue, the invisible man in the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen had to be referred to in the credits as "AN Invisible Man" not "the Invisible Man". 
Yeah, I guess even though he likes to criticize "Hollywood Archery" his trick shot style is basically made for movies.
He's a [trick shot archer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEG-ly9tQGk) that likes to claim he has unearthed a "lost way of archery" that does not really follow most practices. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHZFZtsKBro) covers a lot of the problems people have with his claims about archery. He's a good trick shooter, most people just have problems with the mythology he likes to surround his technique with.
The fence scene in Taken 3
The Bourne Identity essentially established the modern trend and did it super fucking well, the problem is it takes a good bit of skill and restraint to pull it off as well. At its best you won't even notice it, because you'll be fully invested in what's going on on-screen. Some directors take a more detached approach to shooting action, treating the viewer as an onlooker, and some treat it as a more immersive experience where the camerawork should emulate the tension and action. Hell, even the same director failed to recreate the magic with the most recent entry.
I liked it when Guy Ritchie got to be Guy Ritchie. Watching the crew run through the streets, with fast paced smash up chase scenes was a lot of fun. As were some the fast paced, fun dialogue scenes.

Then there were the times when it looked like a bad God of War boss fight or etc. where it was just cringey as all hell. Felt like the movie got noted to death, "we need these weird siren things to come up and turn the bad guy into a bad CGI bad guy. I know it doesn't make sense and isn't in the script and doesn't go anywhere, but I'm the producer and I like it!"

This movie feels like some of the worst parts of that. Weird assed production design that's 10x more fantasy than it ought to be despite zero fantasy elements (at least King Arthur had wizards and a magical sword as an excuse). Stupid slow motion action scenes that just don't look or feel good. I'm now guessing Robin Hood is going to be worse than Arthur. What a waste of a good cast too.
I honestly don't remember the movie well enough to debate,  just remember being disappointed and not liking it. 
I'm with you, I really liked it a lot also. It's one of those films that it seems everyone made their mind up before it came out.
Charlie Hunnam is as wooden as they come as an actor so it didn’t help that he was cast as Arthur.

But the biggest problem with the movie is that it is just a mess. There are so many parts where you’re like ‘wtf?’ But not in a David Lynch ‘wtf’ but in a Guy Ritchie ‘Swept Away’ wtf. 


Amen brother, I will defend this movie till the day I die!
And then you see that the Earth is actually a rocky flat disc and the sun was a ball of fire attached to Ra’s chariot. This film was insane. 
This movie looks horrendous. At least Gods of Egypt had ideas and tried something different.
I haven't seen Jeremy murder anyone with a bow and arrow in the trailers yet so I'm not so sure about the Tag/Hawk Eye connection...
So all the arrow shots will be an arrow to the knee and then an arrow to the forehead?
Big time!  I used to absolutely love Michael Praed as Robin Hood and Ray Winstone as Will Scarlet.  And that Clannad soundtrack!  Top 80's UK TV! 
Watched it recently and it's still by far the best adaptation. Fun fact: Robin Of Sherwood invented the idea of having a Saracen in the band (it's not part of the myth) and now every new version has this character. Assume that's Jamie Foxx in this.
Ok, yeah, fair.  

[P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P Pancake Day.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj_aHCpZl4k)
I must protest, I am not a merry man 
Maaaaaaaaaaariiiiii-oooooon!
Movies are supposed to be largely entertainment, with a few really holding long-term value. Nowadays it seems people want every movie to be some perfect story that will be remembered forever. The Transformers franchise is a perfect example. Not good movies, but great entertainment to kill a few hours with. Transformers 1 was the best don’t @ me
I loved Vortigen (Jude Law) when he turns into the scary warrior thingy. Great design and the battle with Eric Bana was great.
the final fight was a fucking dark souls 3 boss fight and i loved every second of it
it was like all of those video games where the battle pauses and you have to press the right button at the right time to make the hit
I'm a historiologist, and I must say that *A Knight's Tale* is 110% accurate. A lot of people seem to forget that people in the middle ages rocked out to Queen. It's simply because Freddie Mercury is timeless.
there might be as much Queen as possible, that would not change the way the movie felt... it felt historical, with modern touch, but yet, still historical. But this Robin Hood is quite the opposite. Modern movie with historical touch, yet with modern feel.
eyup
You are correct. Not the king. An advisor
Power Rangers was a good movie. 
Warcraft is so baaaaad. I think it’s that r/movies and WoW fans wanted it to be so good so badly that they refuse to say otherwise. 
*King Arthur: Legend of the Sword* was actually supposed to be the start to exactly this, a cinematic Arthurian universe.

I believe it even had the title *Knights of the Round Table: King Arthur* early during production. Judging by the box-office reception though, I highly doubt it'll ever come to fruition.
>a cinematic take on the Arthurian legends that captures the fundamental weirdness of the stories. Closest I can think of is Excalibur.

The "Merlin" min-series from NBC back in the 90's was Boss.
When does Brad Pitt's Irish guy from *Snatch'd* show up? 
I think when you want your bow and arrow fights to feel more like gun fights you have no choice but to change things up quite a lot.
I found his technique pretty interesting. Things like not needing a full draw every shot, getting multiple arrows off within seconds. It’s a terrible hunting technique but for close quarters combat it’s possibly one way that ancient archers achieved some of their legendary feats. It just looks out of place for a robin hood movie to me. A recurve bow in England, the guy moves like a super hero, Jamie Fox in a period piece not directed by Tarantino?  Too much. 
https://youtu.be/8iLTA43MBuA
Everything after the first Bourne movie is borderline unwatchable.  I shouldn't be getting motion sickness while sitting still
>  Weird assed production design that's 10x more fantasy than it ought to be despite zero fantasy elements (at least King Arthur had wizards and a magical sword as an excuse). Stupid slow motion action scenes that just don't look or feel good.

Exactly how I felt, there were a lot of Guy Ritchie style scenes but in a medieval mob setting instead of modern day and that was surprisingly entertaining, but every fantasy element was like Eragon levels of bad. Nothing was well written or thought out, the dialogue was as cliche as possible and the battle between the good guys and the bad wasn't satisfying in the least.

If they stripped out all of the fantasy elements and made it a 'realistic' telling of Arthur coming to power through revolution with Guy Ritchie style pacing and cinematography it might have been alright.
Really wish gods of egypt was a videogame instead of a movie
> At least Gods of Egypt had ideas and tried something different

Did it, tho...

It looked about as different as this will likely be. That said, I bloody loved it.
Can't have the trailers spoiling the third act 👀
Maaaaaaaaan, this.  People (on reddit) swear every movie needs to be Scorsese level directed.  That shit is annoying.  Every single one of those types of people love a completely shit movie also.
Transformers 1 and 3 were genuinely good action flicks. 4 was alright with some dumb moments. 2 was bad. 5 just felt like Bay burning everything thing down as he left. 
@ you
Little known fact: "We Will Rock You" is actually the first song ever written. Some historians even speculate that Freddy Mercury invented music.
> It's simply because Freddie Mercury is timeless.

That's one of the unquestioned laws of the universe.
Plus, their reasoning for including Queen is that Queen was just as anachronistic as 90% of the music we've come to expect from movies set in the middle ages.
[deleted]
I confess I didn't see it, because the trailers made it look like all it took from the original stories were a couple of names. This Robin Hood trailer is the first I've seen in a while that manages to look even worse.
Well there's AC: Origins and Kratos will probably end up in Egypt sooner or later.
Damn if they can manage to make a game like God of War in that universe.... Damn.
Yeah, I'm not gonna criticize the movie for being a giant cheese ball, but it didn't do anything different (Egyptian theology) and didn't have any ideas beyond how can we put in another big CGI action sequence.
Apparently you haven't been watching movie trailers these days... Stay away from the new Jurassic World II trailer is all I'm gonna say...
> Some historians even speculate that Freddy Mercury invented music.

I don't think we need to speculate about facts.
I don't see any universe where someone legitimately thinks that ending makes sense. 
Yep, multiple references to japan and egypt in the game
