I hope this movie can execute the "computer perspective" well. The premise looks interesting and John Cho's acting looks pretty good but this format of filmmaking can sometimes get caught up in its own gimics.
Is Debra Messing playing a crime fighting android in this movie? Because thats how it sounds she's delivering her lines.
I saw this film at Sundance and it’s truly one of the most inventive and gripping films I have ever seen. Cho is great. The score is EXCELLENT and the editing is really magnificent. Highly recommended.
Cho is infectious. I have always liked him but I loved him after Columbus. That shit just tugged my heartstrings.
This movie has had stellar reviews so far at the screenings its had. It's at 100% with an 8/10 average on RT.com
As an Asian born and raise in Canada, I really happy about John Cho's acting evolution (and acting career) as well as finally having an Asian-American in a lead role (Good on you Sony studio).

 I don't know about you guys (especially, my asian-american peeps), but I am more interested in this movie than Crazy Rich Asians? am I the only one?
I can't help but get the sinking feeling that the "agent" on the line helping the dad is actually going to be in on whatever actual nefarious scheme is going on.
Modern Family did an episode like this. It was really good so im excited for this
I remember being really excited for Unfriended when its trailer first came out because it used this desktop style of film making which was really unique, but the final product didn't really do anything special with it and felt very generic.

From the looks of it, this is doing much more with it and trying to use everything to its fullest (excel to track information, facebook and messanger to track conversations). The movie itself looks a bit generic, but I'm very interested to see how they work with the desktop environment.
Random fact: I killed him (Cho) in the pilot episode of 'Sleepy Hollow'!
John Cho has elevated to "will watch anything he's in" status. His acting on the last season of The Exorcist series was phenomenal. 
did they check at White Castle?
I just saw this at the Chicago Critics Film Fest on Tuesday and it was great! 

I was completely unaware of the gimmick before seeing it. When I realized that everything was going to be seen from the perspective of computer/phone screens I became a little concerned that the movie wouldn't be able to hold the audience's attention for an entire feature length film. Fortunately, everything was extremely well done. They use a wide variety of every day technologies, so nothing becomes visually stale. 

The gimmick actually works really well in the mystery/thriller/investigation genre. It was very easy to follow along with the father's investigation.

John Cho's performance is great, and definitely grounds the movie.

I have a small, hopefully non-spoliery tip. Try as best you can to pay attention to everything on the screen. There is a lot of information in the background. Some of it is just fun easter eggs, but there is also a lot of foreshadowing.
At first it looked kinda like another "found footage"/social media crazed cheap horror flick, but as I got further along the trailer the film seems to be more of a performance piece for John Cho. I am very excited about that! It's also awesome to see an Asian American lead too! I hope this films knocks it out of the park in every way and continues the conversation of diversity. It being not only about women and African Americans, but I feel like Asian Americans have been very excluded from the conversation for the most part.
Does the trailer show off to much? Like it kinda gives the ending and twist no?
I'm more excited for this than the new Predator movie.
Them furrowed brows never relaxed. #DadDidIt checks out
Oh the guy from Columbus, that movie was so damn good.
the cool thing about movies like this is that they can show the character opening some file called "exposition.txt" and fill the audience in on what they need to know. 
Damn, that's one good trailer. Really interested in this even though I can already see it having a super silly and simple twist ending.
I'd be willing to give it a shot because I've heard some good things, but the format of it looks pretty frustrating to watch. I'd be happy to be proven wrong but man do I hate vertical videos, not sure I can sit through a movie full of them taking up part of the screen.
I saw this at Sundance earlier this year and it truly does make the "gimmick" work. It feels like the first truly contemporary movie if that makes sense. It actually utilizes social media which is such a big part of our everyday life but is usually only throwaway lines in TV and movies. John Cho is amazing and heartbreaking! You guys will love it.
jesus was no one else bothered by the "searching" keyboard at the end? 
I've seen this movie twice. The storytelling is so strong that you forget you're watching a computer screen about fifteen minutes into the movie. I highly recommend seeing this.
This looks pretty good!
So it's basically Unfriended but a mystery and not horror?
i like how this is starring Asian American characters. i wonder if the story actually touches on the social distance commonly found between Asian American kids and their parents. that's a thing, right?
looks interesting, haven't heard anything about this \(but apparently it's got a good word of mouth\) so now I'm more intrigued
Looks like a good version of the "computer movie" concept
damn my man went from looking for white castle to looking for his daughter, looks interesting
Saw this at Sundance. It’s FANTASTIC. Manages to keep it dark while still being a family drama. Very intense and uses the unique “computer camera” angle well.
Oh man what a great trailer. That music was intense! 
I actually went to grade school with a guy who helped direct this movie! I’m so glad that his hard work is paying off and he really deserves the recognition!
Cho was the only reason why the exorcist (season 2) was worth watching. His acting skills compared to everyone else on there... wow, what a gap. Might be the only reason I watch this movie too.
"When Unfriended meets The Vanishing"





Fun fact: The film's producer is Timur Bekmambetov, who produced *Unfriended*. He recently directed a movie called *Profile*, which was done in a similar style of filmmaking, and, like *Searching*, garnered an Audience award at a major film festival.
If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. *Computer skills*.
Jesus christ that keyboard at the end triggered the fuck out of me


Is that makeup or is John Cho finally showing signs he is aging? 
Harold is dad now? good for him
She was just at White Castle all along eating burgers with Uncle Kumar.
God I hope MoviePass survives through August so that I'll go check this out in theaters (yes I know I can always just buy a ticket, but knowing myself I'll get lazy/cheap and wait for it to come out on streaming like I used to do with most non-blockbuster movies).
We need more Asians in lead roles, so I hope this does well.
This looks really intense.

I'm in!!!!
I have a feeling \(more like I hope\) that this has ARG elements to it
This looks interesting, but I want to see a version that uses majority of the time on the screen and another version that’s more investigative parenting
I don't like these kinds of movies, but I'm actually genuinely interested this time.
Well, it was a good short movie, whats next...
This looks pretty good imo
sorry this is kinda irrelevant... but does this movie take place in San Jose, CA? lol cuz like the school that the daughter goes to is called Evercreek? it looks like they combined the names of Evergreen HS and Silver Creek HS together. and the street name on her (fake?) ID is near EVC. 
the whole we only see a screen bit feels a bit forced, but otherwise seems good...
That looks like it would be a better video game (something in the likes of her story) than a film
 The sad thing is people will look at this as the sequel to Unfriended﻿ ,it's so sad!
 Hey, remember how Asian people are good at acting too? No? Well here's your reminder.   
[https://ceekimmediareviews.wordpress.com/2018/08/24/searching-proves-it-2018-is-the-year-of-the-asian-american/](https://ceekimmediareviews.wordpress.com/2018/08/24/searching-proves-it-2018-is-the-year-of-the-asian-american/)
Watched this movie last night and it was REALLY good and probably one of the best movies this summer. I hope it does well in the box office because im glad to be seeing more amazing movies with asian american leads because they're rare in the industry! John Cho did an amazing job and had me on the edge of my seat from the beginning to the end.
This looks retarded but it's getting good reviews, this is strange.
John Cho's career has been ramping up again lately. Star Trek obviously, but now this and the recent Columbus, which I thought was amazing. 
You had me at John Cho
I'll watch this just because it has my boy John Cho in it.
Personally I have zero interest in watching a movie that's literally just staring at someone's computer screen for 90 minutes. I get that filmmakers are experimenting with this medium and it's reflective of our times and blah blah but no thanks.
Another trailer where you have to stop it 20 sec in or else the entire plot is given away... Looks good though.
Why do I feel like the trailer spoiled everything?
they revealed too much in the trailer. They shouldn't have shown how much he doesn't know about his daughter. But it looks great.
Might get downvoted for asking, but can someone help me identify the track playing at the beginning (piano?). 
I'm taking it this movie is going to send a message. Get to know you kids and their activities? Keep track of you kids movements? Be afraid of the world because it crazy out there man? I dunno. 
 
I don't get the praise this is getting. The format looks horrid and you would have to pay me to sit through this.
Your daughter is probably in some messy apartment posting nudes in reddit r/gonewild. She probably has her own watermark and sub by this time. 
If you find her, tell her to clean her room and get some more creative tittles. 
Honestly, for what it was, Unfriended kind of nailed this gimmick pretty well. It's still a dumb teen horror movie, but they stuck to their guns hard for the desktop perspective.
Holds a 100% on Rotten Tomatoes at the moment. I know that doesn't mean everything, but still.
Super gimmicky and lazy. Read my comment below. I know the guy personally. He’s talented, but has had a little too much luck early on to get to this point so young and he puts out this rehashed rip-off of other very similar movies?...
Off the jump its unrealistic, a college highschool/college student using Facebook?  Who does that anymore, its all snapchat and other stuff the parents can't track.
Maybe someone is pretending to be her character?  
hahaha she's a real person. i didn't catch that at first. i thought that this movie took place in the near-future, and Debra Messing's dialogue was some kind of self-service detective AI. i've been watching too much Black Mirror. 
I thought that was always what she played.
Is 100% of the movie from a computer screen or are there normal scenes/shots as well?
I saw it too, it's actually quite well put together how this film exists 100&#37; on a computer screen.
Nice! I've been hearing great things from people who have seen it too. 
Good to hear. I enjoyed Unfriended and The Den so I'm sure a more carefully crafted film with a similar gimmick is going to go over well with me.
Have you seen *Open Windows*? It was done in a similar style of storytelling.
So did he do it? 
The editing made this. Know both the editor and the “writer”/“Director” and it was the editor that did the heavy lifting to at least make it as good of a movie as a rip-off can be. 
He was fantastic in the exorcist
> 100% with an 8/10 average on RT.com

How does that work?
"Welll OBVIOUSLY the studio bought those reviews"
The critical thing here is that anybody could have played John Cho's character and they cast him. He wasn't cast "as an asian" he was cast as a dad.
I am all for more asian leads (me being asian born in a western country myself), but at the end of the day the films has to be good. Crazy Rich Asians could turn out to be good of course, but so far the trailer hasn't convinced me. But I am glad it is coming out, along with this film, it's cool to finally have high profile films staring asian american leads.
I'm all on board with films that show Asian-Americans as ordinary Americans, which we are. Very few people can actually connect with the "Crazy Rich" types, which is fine for that movie as it's a romantic comedy/fantasy, but I really like the casting in this film.
Have you seen *Columbus*? That’s another great film with John Cho in a leading role. Admittedly, he co-leads with Haley Lu Richardson, but they’re both absolutely stellar in it, and it’s very well-shot. The only issue (not for me) is that it’s deliberately paced and largely dialogue-driven, which would definitely turn people off.
I agree. I heard some buzz about this previously but couldn't find any good info on it, glad its getting released finally. 

And I also agree with your point on Crazy Rich Asians. Jon M. Chu is a music video/dance director, really no different than Tyler Perry for the black community.  It did little to make me excited as an asian american. 
based on the trailer, Crazy Rich Asians looks like an Asian version of a Tyler Perry movie.
I'm easily more interested in this than Crazy Rich Asians. It seems like it has a somewhat novel plot rather than the meet the fockers meets princess diaries type of plot. I sure hope it does well. 
definitely more interested in this one, especially since his character's name is exactly my name haha
As a white dude, same

Kinda made Debra Messing playing the cop jarring. Has she done a heavy role like this before?
So am I. I'm glad to see Asian-Americans in more experimental styles of filmmaking. 
He did an interview with NPRs Pop Culture Happy Hour a few weeks ago. You should check it out!
I saw Crazy Rich Asians on Friday, and Searching today. Thoroughly enjoyed both. As a Filipino-American (born in USA), I'm thrilled to see more Asians in Hollywood. To All The Boys I've Loved Before was great too (for a teen rom-com). Go see all of them! My 13-year-old son LOVED Searching and said it's his all-time favorite movie.
i thought the same thing! she has that look to her
She sounds robotic
I've seen it, if you want to know more just say so
[deleted]
I've seen the movie already. I loved the movie because it uses everything to the fullest. And it uses it correctly. We see reddit, Tumblr, a knock-off twitch, google maps, and much more. All of it makes sense within the world and its like the film is going out of its way to show off how it can incorporate different companies/apps/websites. And better yet, the plot is still excellent and isn't bogged down in any way by the flashy content.
I quite enjoyed Unfriended. The execution wasn't perfect by any means, but I thought some of the ideas were good. I liked how it twisted the knife (metaphorically speaking) on some of the characters with the games it made them play. Probably a bit better than The Den https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2503154/ which had a similar desktop screen format but went a bit off the rails in the last act.
Oh man it’s amazing, I saw it at Sundance, the nail it. The coolest part about is the fact that none of it is screen capture, the entire movie was created editing software 
Wasn't his character killed by a CGI demon in the show?
He didn't really "die" die though, he just had his head and neck rearranged so he could hang out a little longer. 
I had White Castle for the first time the other week.....was a bit underwhelming tbh
Turns out it was Neil Patrick Harris who abducted his daughter.
Tell me that a cameo from Kal Penn is confirmed, right? :D
Very good point - at least as China becomes a bigger and bigger force to be reckoned with in the box office, I think we'll finally start to see more Asian Americans in lead roles.
No


Yep and also not as good (not that I friended was great either haha)
What about the computer POV makes it better than the traditional style?
The fact that none of it is screen capture is amazing as well
I know Aneesh as well.
Well, it's both. I saw it at Sundance. He does all the investigating from the computer and his phone, just like most people would do in 2018. Believe me, it works.
Maybe a commentary on how easy it is to cultivate our public and even private personas through social media.
> This is a blatant rip off of several movies including Taken by Liam Neeson and a handful of others and unfortunately isn’t that great

How is it a knockoff of Taken? Other than the missing daughter plot, the movies are very different.
This is a knock\-off of Taken? His daughter goes missing, that's where the similarity ends.
Have you seen it? No, I imagine? Then how can you not get the praise it's getting? You have no reason to jump to such a conclusion.
I dont care what anyone says that scene where the girls picture looks frozen on the screen but the phone is vibrating across the table is fucking horrifying
Unfriended was a fun watch because it was novel and it was interesting to see how they used it. I don't think I'll be as interested in the gimics a second time. 
Unfriended was actually really enjoyable watched on a computer. I watched it in bed on a laptop and it was way more engaging than it had any right to be.
did they really though? what about stupid shit like the camera randomly cutting out and changing angles on its own when the kid has his hand in the blender? there's lots of stuff in that movie that didn't make any sense
The trailer for that movie made it look god awful, but having watched it I did enjoy it for what it was. The laptop screen gimmick worked much better than I thought it would.
hmm
*Press X to doubt*
That was my first thought, too. 
I thought the same thing. I'm still not convinced she's not AI. 
100%. It’s jarring at first but the filmmaking is so good you instantly get lost in it. Best seen on the big screen I imagine
Why is writer/director in quotes? And what makes this movie a rip-off?
100% fresh means everyone gave it above 5/10 (or 6/10, cant remember).
A 100 % on RT isn't a 10/10 movie. It just means that the people that reviewed it and got into the RT % rated it positive.
Doesn’t it mean that all reviewers recommend it? Like if it was a 60%, only 6/10 reviewers recommend seeing it
Who is to say that all of these comments praising the film aren't bought and paid for?
Probably why OP is more excited for this than Crazy Rich Asians
I am wondering if their ethnicity is going to play a role in the story.  Like a tiger dad/mom or overachiever type daughter sick of the expectations and pressure.  
I agree with you. The trailer for Crazy Rich Asian thus far seems generic. However, the more asian-american leads the more exposure for the general audience to see that Asians are not just background characters / sidekicks. And hopefully shines a positive light.

Whats your thoughts on Mulan? and your opinions on Asian American actors and Asian actors from Asian? It seems to me, there is some kind of divide..
That movies cinematography is so fucking amazing. It really felt unlike any other movie I'd seen, plus as you said both leads are great. Particularly Haley Lu Richardson though, she deserves so many more good roles after her performance in Columbus
>  Jon M. Chu is a music video/dance director, really no different than Tyler Perry 


Does Jon dress in drag as well?
I do. PM me?
was it the one with Skype or was there a more recent one?
The knock-off twitch is actually based on Younow. It's like twitch without the gaming aspect. It's basically a bunch of teenagers talking into cameras and broadcasting it. It's super weird.
That was me in a suit, with CGI effects put over me. Haha
First of all how dare you
It's perfect if you're fiending for food, don't wanna cook, and need cheap shit. Bonus points if you're some kind of intoxicated. 
I had it once bout 20 years ago. Fries were great.
Did you have it high or drunk?
Yeah White Castle is disgusting. It is great if you are baked or drunk, but that really tells you everything you need to know. 
And he is the abductor.
It's kinda a double edged sword too though, because now almost every big blockbuster has some asian side character that doesn't speak. It's hella weird.
No, you will see Asians who are famous in Asia, not in America, in lead roles. Unfortunately so far these are two disparate groups.
Well the issue with that is that they would cast Chinese actors and not Asian-Americans which is not helpful...
The movie's selling point is A. Can you make a movie using only computer screens and FaceTime? and B. If they pull it off, will it be entertaining?

The new style just adds to the movie and automatically sets it apart in a good way from other standard thrillers. And it doesn't feel gimmicky! So much of the film is research and web links and apps that move the plot forward, you need this style.
She goes missing and the father tries to track her down?... that’s literally the plot of taken. They’ve done taken on a train and now taken on a laptop screen haha
The trailer. I do not get why people are so interested based on this trailer. It makes we want to rip out my hair.
Was about to say the same, got the movie to watch with friends and we all got pretty shook at that part!
Yup! That was probably my favorite scene in the movie! 
That sounds like the best horror movie idea ever. Playing with expectations coming from our knowledge of modern devices that a frozen screen on Skype is just lagging. How do I see this scene without watching the whole movie? 
Just did this and enjoyed it, especially with the game and printer.
⠀⠰⡿⠿⠛⠛⠻⠿⣷  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⣤⣄⣀⡀  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⣿⣿⣿⡛⠿⠷  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠿⠿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠇  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠁  

⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣷⣄⠀⢶⣶⣷⣶⣶⣤⣀  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⠻⠗  
⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⣤⣴⣶⡄  
⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣥⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⠛⠃  
⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄  
⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡁  
⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁  
⠀⠀⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉
Really? I watched Unfriended in the theater and later again on my laptop and I much preferred the latter. Felt much more immersive to me.
[deleted]
Ever seen Taken with Liam Neeson lol. 
How do people still not realize this? I feel like this discussion happens in every single thread.
My poor ass, that's who
Basing on the trailer i'm guessing maybe a school shooting storyline. Kid was a loner,  school mates have no idea who she is and she's been funneling money from dad's bank account. 
I haven't followed the production of Mulan that closely. But I assume you are talking about the lead. It's tough, because at least the lead is chinese, but I get that there are thousands of struggling asian american actresses who would have loved to get the part. Yet they cast one of the biggest actresses in China. But I think that was more of a business decission on Disney's part, since one of the many trends in hollywood is having a chinese actress as a side character because they want to get the chinese box office and have some deal with a chinese studio.

I am not gonna be down on it, like I said at least they did cast actors that are appropriate for the role, but I get that there is a cause for divide.
I think the great thing about it was that the cinematography really pulled you into Casey’s POV. I don’t give a shit about architecture, but goddamn does she really make you like it. They framed the buildings so well that you were seeing them as she did.
It's when claire is at an airport and she's trying to contact Haley I think?
The one with Skype I guess. Where everyone thinks Haley got married and they're trying to reach her.
Thanks for helping out. Yeah, I remember that in the film, but as I hadn’t heard of it previously, I couldn’t recall it for my comment. Obviously, you’ve seen the film already?
Awesome!   How does one land a gig like that?

Are you Andy Serkis?
I have one two blocks from my house, in the middle of a neighborhood with colleges and bars. My regular is a cheese slider, two chicken ring sandwiches, and a 5 piece mozz stick. When ordering, it's 2AM and I'm incredibly drunk. 
Note to self, be drunk as fuck when i next have the opportunity to have it.
It good if you're looking for something to soak up alcohol, considering their sliders are 3/5ths bread 1/5 onions and 1/5th meat.

If you're sober, don't bother.
Go in high af in a group of three or more, order at least one of everything. Still one of my fondest memories.
Kal Penn plays the friend who facetimes him at some point in the movie, and provides a clue by happenstance. the abductor is played by Neil Patrick Harris. 
>  piece for John Cho. I am very excited about that! It's also awesome to see an Asian American lead too! I hope this films knocks it out of the park in every way and continues the

where is Wong during the Infinity War? lol
I think it'd be a little bit of column A little bit of column B. You don't think Asian audiences would be able to connect on some level with a Lucy Liu more than a Sandra Bullock?
[deleted]
That's about the only similarity there is. Not quite 'blatant' like you mentioned.
Like the rest of the movie is whatever but there was something about the idea that she was frozen like that that really bothered me
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdmUPUb3NBg) the scene, I just googled "unfriended frozen"
good bot
I am a critic who just genuinely loved the movie. If you don’t want to see it in the theater that is fine. It was merely a suggestion based on the experience of how the film made me feel.
The only similarity is a missing kid. Are you telling me you think Taken started the "missing kid" trope??
There are a lot of casual redditors.
I don't see the cause.  

First, Liu Yifei is Asian-American.  Just because she has lived in China for most of her life doesn't make her American passport invalid. This type of gate-keeping on who is American enough is ridiculous.

Second, Mulan is not Asian American. You don't see African-Americans complaining Lupita Nyong'o got cast to play an African (or even an African-American) just because the role could've gone to an African-American actor. 

Third, this type of  anti-immigrant reasoning is against everything that Asian-Americans should stand for.    Do non-Americans Asians deserve representation in Hollywood less   than Asian-Americans? Are thousands of even more struggling Asian-Asian actresses less deserving than Asian-Americans?   Should foreign-born actors stay in their own countries? Most Asian-Americans, including me, are only here because they or their parents or grandparents were offered a job over an American citizen because they were fit for the job, yet now they're asking for people not unlike them to be blocked from coming to the U.S. to do the same thing.  

> ink that was more of a business decission on Disney's part, since one of the many trends in hollywood is having a chinese actress as a side character because they want to get the chinese box office and have some deal with a chinese studio.
> 
> I am not gonna be down on it, like I said at least they did cast actors that are appropriate for the role, but I get that there is a cause for divide.

Thanks for sharing your opinions. In the end of the day its business. I wish Hollywood choose an Asian actress by talent instead of appeasing the Chinese market (not saying the actress playing Mulan is not talented - I only seen her once in the movie called "The Forbidden Kingdom"). 

*Off-topic* As of right now, I see some division in the Asian-American Community in terms of media representation. For instance, can Vietnamese-American actor playing a Chinese-American NYPD cop? or a Chinese actress playing an Geisha? or a Japanese actor play a Chinese emperor? Heck even the Crazy Rich Asians movie ... there are people complaining about actors not being Singaporean. I for one, don't care...Asian actors can play any nationality. If an American (e.g., Robert Downey Jr) can play Sherlock and a British actor can play Superman... why can asian actors do the same? (Sorry for the rant lol)
 
Yes, and the fact that the camera always just seems to be placed far away to frame a painting. 
Yeah, I just saw it at the Chicago Critics Film Fest. The only reason I know about Younow is because the writers mentioned it during the Q&A.
Man, I wish I was!
My sister was an extra in the show 'Homeland' and the casting agency that hired her sent out a post seeking a tall and skinny person. She told me about it and I sent in my video.
2AM Drunk Sliders are life. McDs is closer so I usually end up there, but when the sober is willing to drive out? Ooh boy. 
Then you will understand its glory. 
Surprisingly, I still haven't managed to get there high.
No they really don't. I live in Asia and have also lived in China. They a) think Lucy Liu is ugly b) don't care for her at all and don't consider her Chinese. Meanwhile they'll go nuts for whoever is the current hot white face of the moment. If they wanna see Chinese faces, they'll go watch a Chinese movie. 

Your best shot is someone like Jet Li or Jackie Chan who's very famous in China has also been reasonably popular in Hollywood while fully retaining his Chinese identity, but we haven't had someone like that for a while now.
I know *why* they do it, it doesn't make it any less frustrating. 
Thank you. Gotta remember that Google searches for YouTube videos better than YouTube does.

Yeah that's freaky stuff... I think I'd prefer a more unnatural pose to be frozen in so you'd really freak out upon realizing it's not a frozen image. 
Just watch the movie. You’ll see
Fair enough
Ah yeah I am like that too. There are already so few roles out there, I don't know why you would want to be picky about it. Pretty much how every caucasian actor can play russian or how every african american actor can play nigerian. Unless it is of importance to the plot, like you need to speak japanese or korean, I don't think there should be much of a problem.
I 100&#37; agree on your point about people nit picking casting to be perfect. There are just SO.MANY.ASIAN.ETHNICITIES. As an Asian American, I really don't care as long as that actor can pull off that role. Asians make up so little of the percentage of actors in Hollywood, that we really aren't in a position to pick and choose who gets a role. 
 People shouldn't assume that she's not the best choice just because she's also famous in China.   Also, they shouldn't assume she's not American (she is) just because she's famous in China.

Liu Yifei is one of the few young actresses of Chinese descent who speaks English without an (Asian) accent, has  dance and martial arts backgrounds, can act decent enough for a Disney princess role, and has draw in not only China but also the two second-biggest Asian markets  -  Japan and Korea (since she became popular when Chinese dramas were still big in those countries, came out with a Japanese album, and dated a famous Korean  actor).      I know she still had an Asian accent in The Forbidden Kingdom, but in her last English-speaking film she spoke with a British accent the whole time and didn't sound Asian at all.  Plus, Gal Gadot speaks with an accent and no one complains about her Wonder Woman. 

She was in my top two choices for the role out of all the actresses of Asian descent, and I know she was the top choice for many Chinese-Americans who follow Chinese entertainment. 


Fake Asians who were born and raised in Canada or the US need to change their mindset that all Asians are east Asians e.g. Chinese, Japanese, Korean. People from Egypt, India, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, etc. look nothing like east Asian people and they have nothing to do in common.

Here is a map for you. Look how big Asia and diverse is. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_in_Asia

Asian-American = Asian-American, Chinese = Chinese, Indian = Indian, etc. They're all vastly different.
Have you landed other gigs because of it?
Oh and to clarify, *as a group* order at least one of everything. Don't try to eat one of everything yourself. Your belly and/or bung hole will pop. 
Did. You're so wrong lol
Haha, I figured. That’s too much Castle for one person.
Even though I agree with you I love the vindictiveness of your comment. 
