If you're wondering why this movie is a thing, The first movie Gnomeo and Juliet made earned $194 million on a $36 million budget.
Not once, not twice, but *thrice* did they make a "farting in the tub" joke. Amazing.
"No ship, Sherlock"

I bet they made this movie just to make that joke.
This looks horrible.
Do you think god stays in heaven because he too is afraid of what he created?
Short description about the movie

> When Gnomeo and Juliet return home one day to find that everyone in their garden is missing – there’s only one gnome to call… Sherlock Gnomes. The famous detective and sworn protector of London’s garden gnomes arrives with his sidekick Watson to investigate the case. The mystery will lead our gnomes on a rollicking adventure where they will meet all new ornaments and explore an undiscovered side of the city. This action-packed sequel features the voices of returning cast, James McAvoy, Emily Blunt, Michael Caine, Maggie Smith, Stephen Merchant and Ozzy Osbourne, plus Johnny Depp as Sherlock Gnomes, Chiwetel Ejiofor as Watson and Mary J. Blige as Irene. 
So which studio green-lighted this ?

And damn this cast is studded.
Oh cool, a sequel to [Gnomeo and Juliet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gnomeo_%26_Juliet). My wife and I both really enjoyed it, and it looks like this one is taking much of the same tact. I'm intrigued. 
If there were a third movie in this series that used the same naming concept, what would it be?
So that's how you pronounce Chiwetel Ejiofor... 
LMAooo the gnome fucking farted in the mud. Gotta see this now 
Please tell me this is related to Gnomeo and Juliet
On one hand, it looks awful.

On the other hand, I was born in London and was impressed by how my city looks in the backdrops. Maybe I'll watch on Netflix when I'm truly self-loathing enough to put up with a modern Johnny Depp outing.
the day I see Johnny Depp as a badly animated porcelain detective attempt to demonstrate how a squirrel's fucking backside moves is the day I know I am not for this world.

time to write my will.
oh for fucks sake. Is there anything jonny depp won't be in?
Finally.
Can't believe they're attempting to make an entire movie franchise based on nothing but gnome puns.

This looks like shit. 
So this is just a thing now ? Find a property who’s name can be punned with the word Gnome and just run with it? 
This looks god awful. 
This trailer came straight from 2004 and that is definitely not a compliment.
The movie doesn't really look that great, but this makes me suddenly really want to see Depp do a Sherlock Holmes portrayal.
What the fuck was that?

Seriously this has all the makings of a flop.

I didn't like the first film that much and this looks even worse.
Here's hoping for a fun turn from Depp.

Dude's a fantastic talent, but really needs to get his shit together.
It's time to kill Hollywood
I quite liked the first one and the idea of mixing Romeo and Juliet with Sherlock sounds interesting/fun but it doesn’t look great, especially Sherlock and the mankini. 
LOVE the 3D look of this animation style!

what is this style called? I like it better than how pixar looks

This looks ridiculous but I did chuckle at the name.
I saw the amazing cast.

Then I saw the trailer.

Do not want.
I’ve seen the first one a couple of times and it’s charming enough, but it’s been such a long time since it came out, that I’m left wondering who this is for. The little kids that saw the first one are either in high school or are about to be.
I only have one thing to say.

What the fertilizer?

yeah wtf, why not.
How the hell does this movie have the cast that it does? 
I'm half tempted by the promise of original Elton John music.
I am so excited to see this movie. I want this adorable Mankini Cake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlzX5mbWuPU
**Endless trash!!!**

Are garden gnomes still hip with the kids?  It's been a few years since the 1930's after all.

Oh hey look, a gnome jumped into the puddle and then farted.  Fart bubbles appeared in the puddle.  While pop music played.  That's the good stuff you wanna put in your trailer for sure.

The only good thing about this trailer is that i now want to listen to the original "I'm still standing".
[Obligatory meme](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/255/097/022.jpg)
Gnomeo and Juliet was fantastic.   I assumed it would be terrible.   But it was one of the funniest movies that year.


A Youtuber made a great explanation of how (and why) these movies make a ton of money. They went on a whole rant about how Sing is an awful awful movie, but because it followed "the formula," it was a hit at the box office. Even though it offered nothing aside from the superficial characters.
I was about to say that the only reason why this even exists is because Johnny Depp LOVES playing a quirky detective. I'm serious. This is also the reason why he keeps appearing in Kevin Smith's recent horrible movies, playing that exact same quirky detective role.
That actually makes sense on an objective level. [Observe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tIhwITwhSg)

If it happened two times or four times, it wouldn't be as funny.

Now, if it's not actually funny at all to start with, that's understandable. But doing it three times was better than doing it twice.
They made this movie because 1. They had already made Gnomeo and Juliet and 2. Holmes sounded like Gnomes.
It is a fun joke.
[deleted]
With a vague hint of desperation.
But it's got an oscar caliber voice cast, so they got that going for them. 
I lasted 20 seconds on that trailer.
Yeah it looks like direct-to-video Walmart $5 DVD bin fodder. 

It may be passable with a Moriarty-like gnome villain (voiced by, say Willem Dafoe), but  even in that case it won't make it out of the twenties/two star ratings on any credible review site. 

I predict it'll get a nice single digit or low teens score on Metacritic or Rotten Tomatoes. A possible consensus:

Not even Sherlock himself could solve the mystery of why this gnome monstrosity was made in the first place. 
A gnome dancing in a thing isn't something you're interested in? 
I read this comment before I watched the trailer, and it made it so much better. It’s terrible, but holy shit if I wasn’t completely blown away at how truly terrible it was. I actually laughed in an ironic way. Jesus. 
> Michael Caine

Maybe he's wanting to fund another home?

> (about Jaws: The Revenge) I have never seen it, but by all accounts it is terrible. However, I have seen the house that it built, and it is terrific.
No way. I can’t believe their making a sequel to gnomio and Juliet. 
Oh, thank God, I was waffling over whether it would be worse that they made this movie and it was a sequel to Gnomeo and Juliet, or if it was a brand new property. For some reason the fact that it is indeed a sequel to the bizarre property Gnomeo and Juliet is heartening, as it wasn't yet another group independently coming up with the idea of putting garden gnomes into a literary classic by simply changing a word that sounded sort of like "gnome" into "gnome".
The emoji movie made $215 million dollars (and then however much more in merchandise and product placement).

Just because you're not the target demographic doesn't mean that it's bad business decision.
Voice acting. You can hire a pantheon of A list actors at a fraction of the time and cost. An voice actor with a half an hour of dialog can do all of his or her lines in a couple of days. No need to work around a set. No need for makeup. Scheduling can be done around a single actor's time, as they are all recorded separately. No waiting to reset a scene and re-apply makeup during a re-shoot. No flying out to exotic locations.
Paramount
It was the bomb factory known as Paramount.
Gnomeo and Juliet was so much better than it had any right to be.  I'm looking forward to this one.
Gnome for the Holidays.
The Portrait of Gnomian Grey.
Gnome Alone
Gnome Gnome on the Range, it's like city slickers with gnomes. 
Gnomespotting (the series gets pretty dark)
Chewi-tell edgy-o-for
It’s a direct sequel with a lot of returning cast by the look of it. 
Ever seen the movie [*From Hell*](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120681/)?  It's a very very loose interpretation of the Jack The Ripper murders with Depp playing the lead investigator on the case.  So it's not literally Sherlock Holmes, but you do get Johnny Depp as a Victorian era detective.  It's a decent movie with a good cast.
You're definitely not the target demographic lol
It's called 3D.
Woah really? I've been cracking jokes for years about how terrible Gnomeo and Juliet is on account of how stupid it looked, but I've never actually seen it. This news is mind shattering. Now I definitely need to watch it.
Sing was certainly disappointing but I’m not sure I would describe it as awful
You can make that argument about Marvel movies too though.
That dude hates everything though (His words, not mine)
I'm aware "funny, then not, then funny" and why it works, and I enjoy it as well as some lampooning of it, however:

> Now, if it's not actually funny at all to start with, that's understandable.

Ya nailed it!
That’s not objective 
[deleted]
It's fun AND funny!
[deleted]
you bloody dingus
Vague? I've seen nightclubs at 5 a.m with less desperation.
I feel like every one of these shitty kind of movies has an "oscar caliber cast"
AND Johnny Depp!
First fart joke I saw and I was immediately disinterested and started looking down at my phone. Glanced back when I heard rap music and saw a gnome twerking in a speedo.  Perhaps a contender for worst trailer of the year.
Jaws: The Revenge.  Which is the 4th one.  Jaws takes down a plane I think.  It's been a while.
Yeah this seems like it is entirely made for kids, which is fine, not all children movies should have to be enjoyed by adults. 
Never ceases to amaze me, how easily they make money by just tapping into something popular. Even the Angry Birds movie made money, even though it came like fucking 4 years after the biggest success of the game. 

Well okay, it's childrens movies. I really need to stop being amazed and just look back at what shit movies I loved as a child. 
This movie is squarely aimed at the same people who elected our president. I'm frankly surprised by how many of them there are. This movie will do great.
a hooker can give you a blow job WHILE you are doing your lines!

lots of advantages to voice acting
Thought so, that studio is a meme at this point.
I thought "Gnomeo and Juilet" was produced by Disney..? Did they sell the property to Paramount? 
Oh these aren’t movies.  They were made in a factory.  A bomb factory.  They’re bombs.
Wait, really? I was making a joke. 
Aww, that movie (and the cast) looks cool but seems like too much violence/gore for my taste.
I am just incredibly thankful that my child is now old enough that he no longer wants to see crap like this, and is not old enough to have children who want to see crap like this.
Yeah. The script is pretty great. The animation is mediocre.
Why were you doing that? I saw it when it came out. It wasn't amazing but it charmed the shit out of me. Just seems weird to make jokes about a movie you've never even seen. 
I'm not saying it was was awful, I never even saw it. 

Here's the video I was referring to - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBe1hXRNi4g
And people do every single day.
Okay, please tell me what same formula was followed by 
Guardians 2, Thor 3 or Spider-Man: Homecoming.

And if you're going to respond with 'Hero defeats villain', then that's as stupid as saying 'Hero defeats villain' is a formula for action movies like John Wick and Mad Max as well.

It honestly feels like the people who make the 'Marvel movies are formulaic' complaint don't really watch Marvel movies these days.
Gnome Country for Old Men
You don't seem to be getting it. Gnome has to rhyme with the original word in some way, hence Gnomeo (Romeo) & Juliet/Sherlock Gnomes (Holmes). Grapes, New, and Moby don't work.
Wow, I don't know how that one got by me.
Oscars don't put food on the table
Because A-celebs like the easy paychecks just supplying their voices in a studio, and the studios like they can slap Johnny Depp on the poster to bring in the fans of their favorite celebs without costing a fortune.
I edited it. Honestly, I've only ever seen the original and none of the sequels.
I just love how the studios making these terrible kids movies think that they need a cast rivaling a Christopher Nolan Batman movie.  I get it if you are trying to lure in parents with familiar voices, but are there a lot of crossover between Chiwetel Ejiofor fans and gnome movies?  
The best ones are though - see Paddington, Shrek, Wallace & Gromit, Pixar movies etc.
Pixar has spoiled us with intergenerational films
'Member the Super Mario Bros. movie?
Depending on camera angles you can do that on a set as well thougb
Mr. Weinstein, aren't you banned from Hollywood?
Nah, Gnomeo and Juliet was Paramount as well.

Edit: Well, not exactly. See comment below
Yup we are in the world of the gnome cinematic universe. 
It's in the trailer
Probably because it was called Gnomeo & Juliet, which is objectively a horrific pun.
I haven't seen Thor 3 yet, but Guardians 2 and Homecoming did follow a fairly similar structure beyond 'Hero Defeats Villain', particularly with Peter Quill and Peter Parker's arcs and how they both focused on father figures. 

While I don't myself particularly agree with the Marvel is formulaic complaint, I see where it comes from. Marvel Studios doesn't make big risks anymore while 20th Century Fox made Deadpool (although reluctantly) and Logan, have New Mutants and Gambit coming out soon. Marvel seems "safe" in comparison. It wasn't like when out of all of Phase One, the only film that wasn't a risk was Iron Man II.

I haven't seen Ragnarok but my friends have told me its better than Homecoming. Since I loved Homecoming, I mean it was a great comedy and it had a lot of heart, I'm sure I'll love Ragnarok too. By all accounts I've heard, it isn't a big risk either but what you should be responding is "so what?" Not insinuate that Marvel isn't formulaic, but rather, so what? Their quality hasn't stagnated yet, right?
2’s surprisingly good, 3 is a shitshow, but the “3D” is hilarious, and 4 is a goddamn laugh riot.
No, but it’s probably to give the impression to parents that the animation studio has the money to make a quality film. If they can afford to get a lot of recognizable names (even if the parents can’t name a single film they’ve been in), then surely they can afford to get a good script and decent animation.

Of course, that’s not necessarily true, but that’s most likely their intention.
I mean, they cast great actors in terrible live action movies all the time
True, but not everything has to be that level of importance, just like most of us enjoy movies that are just made for pure entertainment value and have no deeper meaning. 
It says Disney and Touchstone Pictures on the Wikipedia page

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gnomeo_%26_Juliet
I hear Gnominic Torretto shows up at the end to connect it to the *Fast and Furious* series.
I didn't watch the trailer, I just came here to make a joke about Gnomeo and Juliet because that was such a weird concept for a film I couldn't believe they were making a similar film and it turns out the two films are related.
>  By all accounts I've heard, it isn't a big risk either but what you should be responding is "so what?"

See, that's where I disagree. I would put forward that Ragnarok was indeed a huge risk. I mean the film basically breaks down Thor and builds him back up doing away with a lot of the established tenets of the Thor franchise. The tone is wildly different now and the action sequence have been massively upped in ante and as for the characters themselves, all of them have an actual personality now rather than being relegated to larger-than-life Gods.
Also, c'mon Peter Quill and Peter Parker's arcs were totally different. I mean, amounting their arcs to both having 'father figures' is so broad and totally doesn't represent what their individual stories were actually about. Also, lest we forget, Marvel has been taking risks for a while now...for instance, Guardians 1 was always a risk (A talking tree and A CG Raccoon looked like a recipe for disaster on paper) as was the way they went with something like Winter Soldier which was so wildly different from the first Captain America. Iron Man 3 was a Shane Black movie through and through and something like Dr. Strange, while following the classic hero's journey beats had a truly unique third act and visuals that was once again, wildly different from any other superhero film out.

All the above is the reason why the 'formulaic' complaint about Marvel irks me and most often than not, the people who make those complaints seem to be the same that complain about superhero fatigue.
Very true.  But the benefits to casting an a-lister in an animated movie are hamstrung by the fact that you can't see them.
Ah, there it is. Disney is really weird about stuff like that in that they have so many different banners they will release films under. There’s Disney Toon Studios who did films like Mars Needs Moms and Planes, there’s Touchstone, and there’s Walt Disney Animation who did Snow White in 1938 up through Moana last year. 

Looks like Disney financed it but production was outsourced to a bunch of other companies. That’s stranger.
That alone will get this Gnominated for an Oscar.
2 Fast 2 Gnome
Honestly, I was panicked that they WEREN'T related. That would be more terrifying, that someone came up with Sherlock Gnomes independently of having previously come up with Gnomeo and Juliet.
Out of Phase 2, Guardians was the only real risk. Edgar Wright left Ant-Man because they de-risked it. Again, I can't talk for Ragnarok because I haven't seen it. All I can say is what I've heard and that's what seems to be the consensus amongst my friends.

Winter Soldier was a really well done movie, but being different from Cap 1 doesn't make it a risk. Iron Man 3 being a Shane Black movie doesn't either. Dr. Strange being cosmagical Dune *only kind of* makes it a risk, but it was a good movie and so I say, so what if it isn't a risk?

And superhero fatigue? There's fatigue on comments of superhero fatigue I'd say.
Well familiar voices must have some sort of appeal, or else I they wouldn't keep doing it 
> Edgar Wright left Ant-Man because they de-risked it.

Not really. Edgar Wright left Ant-Man because he was developing it for over 4 years without much to show for it and because he had no intention of making it a part of the MCU.

So what constitutes a risk to you exactly? Because to me, anything that takes chances and does something totally different with the characters than we've seen before definitely feels like a risk to me.

I dunno man, I just completely disagree with the whole formulaic debate because everytime I go to watch a Marvel movie, I always find something new and unique to love and enjoy so it irks me.
Edgar Wright was set to enter pre-production. Feige swept the rug under him by hiring rewrites to make it more connected than Wright already had without alerting him first. Thus, creative differences.

We have the same definition of a risk, we just see it differently I suppose and where the debate makes me laugh because of the same reason it irks you.

