Wish they didn't chuck in those gore/body-horror shots. Slenderman always worked because of minimalism.

Minimalism and silence.
Bells, maggots, screaming people tied down, long black hair, black and white stock footage, flashlights in the forest, rattling doorknobs...it's like they had a "super spooky movie checklist" and just ran down the list ticking every box
Release date is May 18th, 2018. 

Two things from my tired brain in the early morning:

1. It exceeded my very low expectations, but from the trailer it feels like it's simply.. trying *too* hard to be scary.

2. That's 7 days before Solo: A Star Wars Story.
I am whelmed
Was pretty excited when I first heard they were making a Slenderman movie but this looks really... edgy. This would've been THE perfect opportunity to make it into a slow burn atmospheric horror piece, like the VVitch, but in the trailer it doesn't seem like it's going in that direction - which is a damn shame.
It's like Sony just names a movie first then pics a director and doesn't look or care if that director is following the theme at all. "We want you to make a Slender Man movie", director replies "yeh I heard of slender man but I really want to make The Ring again" and nobody stops him till 100million is spent.
Some one needs to edit in the "Gimme 20 dollars" song in this trailer.
I don't think that trailer was as bad as a lot of people here are saying, but I also had pretty low expectations going in. It definitely relies on a lot of horror tropes right off the bat and it was about a minute too long (should have ended with the first glimpse of Slender). It would have been nice if they made the trailer a little bit more about Slender Man so that those unaware of the mythos would get an idea of what the movie was about. 
All this trailer made me want to do is go back and watch the first few Marble Hornets videos, the really early ones that set everything up, man those were great. 
Considering I was expecting the bare minimum slasher this looks at least somewhat interesting. I still don’t have high hopes but I’m willing to give it the benefit of the doubt if they’re running with this psychological horror like The Ring vibe. 
This trailer is much better than we might have expected IMO, I think the director seems to get that Slender man is mostly better off screen. But I'm concerned that there are no shots of him subtly lurking in the background, which is when he's at his scariest and should be heavily utilised in the film 

That was terrible.  
I don't know, this looks sort of...weird? Cheap? I don't get the maggot shots. 

But I can't say that I'm not intrigued. I also like that the teen girls actually look like normal teen girls. 
If Slender Man isn't being played by Doug Jones I have no interest 
I feel like Slender Man is barely going to be in the movie.
Saw a comment yesterday about how cool this would be if it were like The VVitch. Well, it's far from that. Boo. 
This movie is 7 years late
[deleted]
[deleted]
There's some pretty nice shots here. It definitely looks more professional and high quality than I expected it to. However i'm pretty mixed on the trailer as a whole. I thought it was okay but nothing about it made me think it was a must see. It seems like a perfect Netflix horror to me. 

Personally I love found footage horror and I think this was the perfect movie for that. I don't think the same grounded, creepy feel can be achieved, certainly not with the same effect. 
Can't be any worse than the attempt at making a Marble Hornets movie. Even so, this looks like a low-calorie Slenderman. A... Splendaman, if you will.


It doesn't look that bad as I expected. Either way Slendy is going to be terrifying since Javier Potet is portraying him, who was Crooked Man in Conjuring 2.
I thought the mythology of Slender man began as a horror figure who abducted children. When did all this other horror of mind infection come from? The trailer seems to imply forms of body horror [girl stabbing herself in the middle of biology class?](#spoiler) which seems off the mark.

The rise of the mythos has been fascinating to track as this is the modern day Mummy/Werewolf/Frankenstein from the collective minds of the Internet. However, it would be great to follow some sort of established rule set like the werewolf (can be killed with a silver bullet, transforms only at the full moon, etc).

No idea what to expect, but certainly hoping the movie will be good.
Slender Man is going to end up being the next Lights Out...
I feel like everybody here wants this movie to fail before it is even released. What do you guys want the trailer to show? There is almost no mythos on the character, we have no clue what his powers or limitations are, and we have no idea what the plot of the movie is. I think they could have shown a bit more plot tbh but at the same time they got through two minutes of trailer and I don’t feel like I have seen the whole movie so that is nice. 
FUCK YOU IT'S JANUARY
I actually really liked the it. I really don't think it looks like the lazy teen slasher esque film I was expecting for it to be. It actually managed to to create a creepy tone in the first half. The second half lost me but I still found myself fascinated on what the hell is going.
I think what it fails to capture is how vague the concept of slender man is in its original internet-form. 

A lot of people in this comment-section are saying that “slender man is about x, slender man is about y”, and just like the best horror, the most terrifying things are best rooted in the unknown. Whenever something is more unknown, we tend to fill in the gaps with what we find to fear the most. Maybe that means we fill in that slender man is always behind us, or that he’s always in our periphery, or maybe that’s he’s always in our minds; he is physical or he is not; he will chase you or he’ll just take you; that was up for us to make up when we just saw a still image of him. 
I think they should have gone with what the original Blair witch accomplished so well. A low budget movie that doesn’t really show much at all. 
That... actually looked kinda dope, color me intrigued. 
I'd be interested to know the budget for this as it looks incredibly low budget to me. Like a decent YouTube/Vimeo video, not a theatrical horror flick.

I hope it's a slow burn horror movie like The Witch with little screen time for the titular creature but I imagine that won't be the case. I never really cared for the Slender-man mythos but even then this trailer is a little disappointing. The trailer seemed to have too many random 'gore scares' and random bits of violence which are neither scary and are seemingly just inserted into the film as a spooky set piece with no relevance to the myth. I'm fine with gory horror but make it make sense, a girl stabbing herself in the middle of science class is just a bit nonsensical. edit: And the random graphics and needles in eyes etc. feel more at home in 'The Ring'.

I'll see it but I have low expectations.
I feel like the director is a huge fan of The Ring. That being said, I don't hate everything about this trailer, but I'm dubious. 
Lower the sound. What makes Slenderman scary isn't loud noises, but the absence of sound.
Wow....okay, I'll see this shit.
What a meme movie. 
I was kind of excited, but then saw it Sony was behind it so... Bleh.
If Blumhouse had produced it I would be more interested.
Not half bad. Its definetly slenderman.
I think the trailer doesn't work because they're taking a very generic/well-trodden urban myth and trying to market it in an "artsy"/experimental way.

There's nothing experimental or new about Slenderman. IMO, they should have focused the movie more towards the terror aspect rather than the mindfuck approach with all these vague and melodramatic shots that are reminescent of a less "accessible" horror.

Tl;dr, I think they're trying to market their movie as being much smarter/indie-esque than it really is.
I must admit, the poster and trailer seem to be better than my very low expectations. The film seems to play on psychological elements more than I had anticipated, but does anyone else see pretty heavy inspiration from The Ring (2003)? 
This trailer couldn't have been any worse, it's like ever tired cliche one after the other.
I was actually impressed by the trailer They probably showed a little to much but I don't see why people are hating on this trailer but are ok with the IT trailers both had jump scares and established a scary tone at the same time.
God damn it. Sony is seriously gonna get me to see a fuckin Slender Man Movie. What a good trailer
Looks terrible. This trailer gives no indication what this movie is even about. 
Looks really low budget.

Didn’t see it having anything to do with Slender man except for the title at the end.
Christ this looks awful 
It looks like less of spooky slender murdering people and more of the effects of the disappearances on the local people. I bet that girl who killed herself was tormented and decided to end it before he did it first. I kind of like that, but it’s hard to say how well this will turn out.
If this movie is even mildly successful it'll spawn a franchise, I hate admitting that.
Cinema of the unsettling is a growing film movement. The most popular installment is an hour long shot of a squirrel with diarrhea.


looks bad
It was kinda creepy. The trailer felt a bit long but honestly, better than I expected. Wether the movie will be good or not remains to be seen. They are a bit late in bringing the film to the screen though
Why arent they following the storyline of slenderman the arrival?
Marble hornets was better. 
doesn't even look bad. could be a decent horror movie. 
Sure I'll watch it. Why not? If it's good then it exceeded my expectations. If its bad then I get see probably the first movie based on internet folklore. Either way it'll be an experience I suppose.
Actually doesn't look half bad. I'm excited.

But just as with Freddy Krueger and Jason Vorhees, I expect to see a Jeff the Killer movie following this in time, and in some eventuality I expect to see the two get their own proper SM Vs. JTK movie.
I think it looks okay.
When are people going to realize that people who produce/create movies are not the ones who produce/Create trailers? The trailer makers are marketers trying to sell the movie to the biggest audience possible they use tropes because they know it will get some people's attention. 

I'm not saying this movie is going to be amazing but saying the trailers bad so the movie will be bad is a mistake we have been making as movie fans for far too long
Looks as generic as I expected.
Even if they released it 5 years ago when slenderman was popular this still would looked like garbage... 
Not gonna lie, I actually didn’t mind the trailer. Had EXTREMELY low expectations before watching, so that may play a part, but there are some things in this that look kinda cool. 
Nice to see Terrence Malik branching out into horror.
This was suprisingly decent except for the last 30 seconds which just booed the audience with the jumpscare and dragged the trailer more than it needed to be.
Honestly... This looks way better then I thought it would. I've seen some people complain about the Gore/body horror but I love that shit so I'm all in.
This trailer is actually kind of confusing. We all know what it’s about... sort of. Is it that the Slenderman makes you go crazy and kill yourself? Is it that he kidnaps you in the woods? *Kills* you in the woods? I don’t understand- but not in an “I want to know more” way, in a “This is just confusing” way. If they’d spent less time on the spooky imagery to explain then maybe I’d have a better grasp on what their actually going for. It‘s kind of all over the place.

Unless I’m just stupid and couldn’t tell what it’s about, but I’d like to have some faith in my intelligence.
Still not sold on the idea.

Bit this trend of more modern mythical monsters being turned into media is kinda neat to experience.
So... they made a generic horror movie from something that actually had a fairly unique premise and subtlety to it?  That's kind of disappointing.  Not that Marble Hornets didn't wash out the entire concept after a zillion videos, but the 95% of this trailer that didn't feature a vague image of Slender Man could be interchanged with virtually any 'scary movie' antagonist.  

Oh well, it's not like there's a shortage of generic bland horror movies for it to follow in to box office obscurity.
Could have done without showing Slenderman in the trailer but I think it looks pretty good regardless. 
This doesn't look bad... but I can't help but compare it to Channel Zero, which blew my expectations for what a Creepypasta adaptation can be. That feels weird to say, considering the *idea* of a Creepypasta adaptation itself sounds ridiculous.
Is it sad I want this to be good? 
When I first heard there was a movie titled Slenderman being made, I assumed it was about the teen girl murder attempt. That seemed interesting. I'm not sure about this though.
They honestly could’ve just replaced slender man with anyone else and the movie would still look the same. If you’re going to make it a slender man movie, then MAKE a slender man movie, not go through every single horror trope and cliche. 
Oh look, a totally typical horror movie that does nothing to push the genre forward.  Color me surprised.
Well, at 0:38 it's nice to see that this victim is such a good and well versed artist with a lot of time on their hands.
Some of those quick cuts reminded me of Gabe's horror movie from The Office lmao 

I dont think this will be good.
That tone/pitch at the start of the trailer annoyed the hell out of me.
That is a poor trailer. Something seems off about the whole thing.
Man, to me personally this would have seemed cooler if it wasn't Slender Man.  It looks visually interesting but as soon as that Slender Man title card comes up it just makes it feel like one of those fan made trailers.
Holy fucking shit. I don't care if it's terrible, this movie has got me HYPED. I never expected slender Man to get this big and I love it. He was my introduction into creepypasta and he scared the shit outta me. I wish they'd keep him the way he's scary though and that's through the unknown. He scared me that way. I knew absolutely nothing about him and that's what made him scary. He an enemy you have no info about and instead of straight up killing you. He stalks you. He watches. That's why he's scary to me 
Frankly I'm stunned they didn't try spin this into a creepypasta movie universe
well that was shit
what the hell is this even about?
Silence silence silence silence JUMP SCARE!!!
This looks like shit. I remember creeping through fan fiction that created more tension than this by the book horror cliche is doing. 

Didn’t Slender Man have a suit?
wow, this looks like it has almost nothing to do with the original creepypasta. In fact it looks like total shit.
I’m really looking forward to this but I think the a lot of the stuff in the trailer will have to be done really well to not seem cheap.
This looks awful.. 
This could've gone another way. Wish they got a David Fincher to direct this
If they made this film an oversaturated, over the top film about what those two girls did and made it a more psychological thriller, It'd probably be pretty interesting albeit fucked up due to the real story behind the premise. 
Sweet jesus that's a bad trailer 
oh boi, this looks like the definition of horror trash.
Christ, American horror films are such garbage.
The thing about this is that they could have been more lazy and come up with something twice as scary and ten times more true to source material. One of those "This is why he's scary voice overs playing over a few jump scares" trailers would have been better than this.

I am glad they didn't go with the found footage angle. Slender man is entirely overdone in that style.
Looks like every other scary movie that I don't find scary
I'll stick to Marble Hornets
this will just be a bunch of jump-scares
I can't figure out shit.
This movie looks terrible. 
They're gonna keep the plot of finding 8 pages, right?
looks super generic
Wow, the trailer looks like a short film made by the world’s most pretentious 14 year old aspiring filmmaker. 

Hey, can we just have a movie where a strange figure lurks in the woods and stalks frightened children? 

Instead we get The Happening 2.


That 'baby laugh' sound from 2009 made me laugh af
Lame. 

Shakes head...check

CGI insects ...check

Takes a known property and makes it edgy...check

Terrible cast...check

Headed for wal mart triple pack with Blair Witch and lights out in  2017...


🎵 *Here comes the Slendaman!* 🎵
This actually looks pretty good. It aesthetically reminds me of the Ring. 
Fuck. I saw the poster and was really excited. This trailer really disappointed me. It seems like they're trying too hard to shock people, and to get some pointless jump scares, and not hard enough at trying to make a genuinely scary movie. I'm just keeping up hope that the trailer is a misrepresentation of the final movie. 
I’m interested in it 🤷🏼‍♂️
I want this to be good.

But was that trailer just half stock footage?
How can anyone think this is potentially another "Conjouring" or "The Witch"?       
This is CLEARLY another "Ouija" or "Bye Bye Man".    
Low-effort Horror made for kids/teenagers.
Wow, this gets a resounding "meh" from me.  You can literally add any monster to this generic trailer and the results would be just as meh. Also, I don't remember Slender Man growling in the stories. 
Looks awful and like a straight to home release. The monster sounding noises were so cringy
Straight to DVD anyone?
Can’t wait to read about all the bogus murders this year. 
Has all the hallmarkings of Nyarlathotep
No need when I've got this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2duevcUMGw
This is gonna be either Good or Bad, there is no inbetween. How the hell did this happen? How did we get to this point?
i feel like this might do better as a short season tv show. The look and feel alone of the trailer screams TV show to me 
[deleted]
Looks like the poorly made lovechild of von Trier, Cronenberg, and David Lynch

But you know what? I’m gonna take the optimistic road on this one: we’ve had so many horror movies about zombies, ghosts, werewolves, vampires, etc.

These fictional beings have been done to death. It’s nice to see something fresh, even if poorly made. But you know what? A lot of early horror was poorly made.
When you make a Slender Man trailer and forget to use white noise 😡
Looks like a Bray Wyatt promo
This looks loosely based on the Waukesha stabbing, which I’m surprised about. I guess it’s part of the “lore” but I thought they’d do something more original.
Didnt like this trailer, was hoping for something suspenseful, this looks made by someone who read headlines about the murder, rather than someone who played the game.
AKA the next installment of the ring series
That sound effect when she was using a sharpie on glass should have sounded like rubbing a balloon not knife on a chalkboard 
Well that looks shitty, should make a ton of money.
Looks stupid. Trying way to hard to be creepy and disturbing and in day and age your coming off as a “Rings” ripoff and we all know how much of a piece of shit movie that was. 
The setting in a thin treed forest is perfect for Slendy.

Everything else however looks terrible.
Well hey, if this turns out shit there's always that marble hornets comic coming soon.
"They're making a Slenderman movie? Interesting."

*Click*

'Sony'

Oh no...

Looks lame and cliched as hell.
Made for buttons. Wide release. Get people in for the first week and make millions before the word of mouth gets around...
Why is it gory?  Is there part of the Slender Man mythology I don't know?
Kept thinking this said Spider Man
Jeez this trailer reminds me of the tape from the Ring and not in a good way
They could have outsourced the trailer to appeal to more people. It looks like It.
Seems like that was edited by someone whose either never cut a horror trailer before (but watched a ton of them), or had shit material to work with.
This does not look good at all. Slenderman works because he is mysterious, subtle, and silent. This looks like it's trying to be a gore fest for no real reason. It's like the execs who threw this together just kept saying "we need more horror stuff, throw in some gratuitous shots of violence with loud screeching". 

It just doesn't fit the vibe of my boy Slendy at all.
$20 says we just saw the last shot of the movie in that trailer
I still can’t believe it’s come this far. 
[deleted]
This exactly. Also why does EVERY horror trailer use the same template? Moment of silence then loud bang with scream. It's like the "flow" of the trailer feels like every other cliche generic horror film. This looks terrible. 
if only major film studios had people who could competently adapt shit, they could turn the SCP database into a goldmine. but they don't, so they can't.
So what your saying is... If me and a few of my college buddies who took film classes made a minimal and almost silent film where you only hear the protagonist's fear for 90% of the film it would be a smash hit and could be done for less than 5K?
I would imagine a Slenderman movie that stays with the source material to be similar to It Follows.
Agreed. Let's hope it's just a bad trailer. It seemed crammed with a lot of plot development clips and very little suspense building, so it's possible that it's leaving the good stuff for the theater. Not a smart move, but a possible move.
The trailer gave me the vibe of a "gore porn" film like the Saw series. Except with kids, so it's in even poorer taste. Every edgy horror movie trope and scary movie style editing technique was thrown in. 

It's almost as if Sony had some money left over in their FSA account near the end of the year and had to spend it quickly before losing it.
I think youre slightly over exaggerating the gore shots. 
Gore/body-horror (better known as gorror) sells tickets/blu-rays/streams. Slenderman is a completely virginal franchise and worked online and in games because of the interactive element with the audience. Making a horror movie based on the concept that what's happening is inside a self-contained universe is essentially a fresh take and the production company clearly didn't seem like it wanted to take too many chances.

That being said, there was far less gorror than I expected and the visual elements that are influenced by The Ring, along with actually good color design and cinematography, actually have me optimistic that this could be a decent horror movie.
Lol slender man has never worked
It's weird because the creator of Slender Man writes for a website that makes fun of that sort of thing and he's credited as a screenwriter.
This is exactly what I was thinking. The maggots and the muddy / bloody hand on the bathtub specifically made me roll my eyes. It's all pretty pathetic attempts to be an edgy horror film.
Agreed. It looks like a horror montage a passing film student would make.
As soon as I saw the maggots I cringed at how cliche it was and just stopped watching. They tried way too hard
At least it was kinda funny being able to call the exact moment the 
"jumpscare" came.
They saw The Ring and thought "Well I can do that, all you gotta do is toss together surreal and black-and-white imagery and you got yourself a spoopy"
Don’t forget young girls in tattered dresses
Yep it's gonna be hot garbage.
> That's 7 days before Solo: A Star Wars Story

I just don't know why a studio would open a movie near Star Wars. 

Edit: To everyone telling me they are different genres, I fully understand Star Wars is not a horror movie. There is still definitely a large group who are both Star Wars fans and horror movies fans, you do not have to be one or the other. Also Star Wars takes up like 90% of the screens at theaters like mine which makes it hard for other movies. 
> trying too hard to be scary.

I get the sense that people are not going to be seeing what they want to see. People are going to want to see Slender Man, and what they are going to see is a form of mass hysteria among some local school children who are probably the only ones who ever actually see Slender Man, in the film. I suspect that Slender Man himself will make very few appearances.

Honestly, it looks like some sort of art film, not a big budget film.
it looks bland as fuck to me. like the movie will just be teenage bullshit and buildup. 
>trying too hard to be scary.

Just like every dopey creepypasta that started this trend. Are the dumb teenagers who created Slenderman still even dumb teenagers? Who is this garbage for? 
Slendernand, starring John Cena.
You must be in Europe
Trailers can be misleading.

IIRC, trailers for the VVitch and It Comes At Night, were very audience friendly too. Both had terrible Cinemascore as a result of expectations not being met with that crowd.
Watch The Tall Man. Less supernatural but still loosely based on Slender, and a very well measured slow burn take.
If they made it in the vein of It Follows I could die a happy.man
I am all up for a Slender Man movie, even if it’s pretty late. But why do all these types of movies have to be just really shitty and not use the source material well? I mean, I hope this one breaks that norm, it looks better than what I thought. But get people who are into it to make them!
I doubt it would happen but it'd be funny for that song to be an easter egg in the movie.
Oh my god i forgot about that holy shit
They could have cut a whole minute off the trailer. The tone in the first minute is pretty fantastic but then it adds a bunch of fat on the back half
I think if they trimmed out all the weird/random gore stuff like the maggots and whatnot, and left the sight of Slenderman to ONLY the far-off view, it would be 10x better. The whole point of Slenderman is that by the time you actually get a good look at him, you are fucked. They could even have cut this trailer to not show him at all, and make it look like its a town going crazy over something, but even they aren't 100% sure if it is real or not.
First rule of horror: you don’t show the monster until the last possible moment. 

About the trailer, it’s too long. Has anyone correlated the length of trailers with the general awfulness of films they portray? 
it just looks visualy ugly and cheep imo. Plus the sounds were all over the place 
Yeah, looks like it could be as enjoyable as insidious or the conjuring movies which I'd be fine with...but that's on the optimistic end of the spectrum. 
i don't think the trailer looks good or bad, just bland. which is worse than it being really bad. at least then people would talk about the movie and how bad it looks, this trailer is so bland i'm gonna forget all about this movie forever after closing this thread. 
Damn, those vids scared the shit out of me.
Some shots of him in the background of otherwise normal occurrences would have been awesome! 
How cool would it be if they do something similar to It Follows / Carpenter's Halloween and have Slender Man on the edge of the frame or out of focus in the distance? They could homage the original photoshop images and the lurking boogeymen of horror cinema.
Javier Botet, this time. And to be fair: that guy's *also* [tall as fuck.](https://cdn1.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/scale_crop_768_433/2017/07/thr_20170709_0490_splash_botet.jpg)
It looks like it's about a crazy girl who does shit because Slenderman (in her head) told her to. I got that impression from the trailer, and wouldn't be surprised if it's a plot twist at the end of the movie - no monster, just a girl with mental issues. Considering what happened in real life, that would actually make sense in a way.
That might not be a bad thing.
Because he is actually standing right behind you while you watch it...
I mean, the xenomorph was only in Alien for about 3 minutes of screen time total.
Honestly, I wouldn't say far. Long establishing shots. A desaturated color palette. The director probably took some cues from it but had to make mainstream conceits to appease producers.
That was me, and I agree. :(
Yeah ghost movies are a few thousand years too late too.
Not it isn't. If it was released back then people would had screamed "cash in" and bitch about "it doesn't follow the original creepypasta"

Not everything popular that's getting a movie NEEDS to have the movie happen that quick
Slender man is still pretty popular.
The problem is that that premise sounds a bit too much like IT.
[HBO did that](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5329376/).
The original creator, who is involved, won't do that. He was very upset about that incident. 
The girl didn't die.
i’m assuming the end of the trailer, with the cops and the girl covered in blood, is supposed to be that

like they’ll mix paranormal and real life and have that story occur in the movie
[Splendorman!?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MXYC_jX2Wc)
Couldn't agree more. That Marble Hornets movie was god awful, especially compared to how good the original series was. I doubt this film will be much better.
I'll watch it for him.
The Slender Man started that way, but snowballed out of control after *Marble Hornets* depicted him as seemingly brainwashing people into doing his bidding. Even after it became clear that the resulting 'Proxies' weren't actually on his side, everyone else jumped on the bandwagon.

Also, I suspect the Slender Man stabbing has something to do with that. And that one scene.
The mythos got muddled after those two girls tried to kill their friend. Now, they’ve got to alter the plot to fit what little mainstream attention that event might have brought.
That wasn't even all the original was about. The creator of it didn't even limit it to abducting children. 

The "mind infection" came from the creepypasta.
At the very least we know he is supposed to be more of a subtle unknowable presence not a generic cgi abomination. And he sure as shit doesn’t growl. 


I don’t want this movie to fail, that is just the most realistic outcome. The looks like another clear case of an out of touch Hollywood executive. 
No mythos, no clue on powers or limitations, no idea what the plot is. That gave us hours of creepy youtube fodder. This looks like a cheep bye bye man rip off.
It comes out in May so remember, FUCK YOU, IT'S FOREVER!
> I'm fine with gory horror but make it make sense

This is my main complaint with lots of mainstream horror. They throw in these random "scary" scenes that have nothing to do with the actual plot or the monster or whatever. So dumb.
meh, the trailer felt a little too long. they could've stopped it at 1:50, when Slendy had got the girl. everything after that feels like extra fat left in
Slender man
/r/movies can't seem to decide if it wants less or more spoilers in their trailers.
On the contrary, I happen to love that it's vague. I'm sick of trailers that show you every key point of the film in chronological order, it really ruins my first viewing of films now because I find myself expecting things that I've seen in the trailer and it ruins any element of mystery the film has. 

This trailer is good in my opinion because it shows you the general vibe of the movie whilst keeping you uncomfortable and confused, I don't want to know the plot or see the best scenes, I want to see what the movie has to offer without out right telling me what it is. 
Which I kinda like in a way because so many horror trailers reveal too much.

My main issue is how it seems to be following alot of horror film cliches. It doesn't look interesting or original in any way.
Missing kids+people going crazy possibly due to the influence of the legendary memetic man with marfan syndrome.
Maybe the filmmaker realized that even narrative is comforting.
I can't say that I'm not interested, but this trailer looks like it was done by a third year film student.
the suit is being dry cleaned in the Sony offices 
I think that is only part of it due to the needing a mechanic/objective for a video game.
I mean, *Slender: The Arrival* had a much more involved story than that, in of itself - although anything would count as 'more involved,' considering the *"plot"* of the original - so outside of a possible shoutout (which *The Arrival also* did) it's not too likely.

...

Actually, now that I think about it, I fully expect a scene stuffed full of references to it.
[All I could think about while watching the trailer](https://youtu.be/Yn8IarLVTnM?t=2m11s)

>Takes a known property and makes it edgy...check

>>makes it edgy


This isnt fucking Riverdale dude, of course a horror monster is going to be fucking edgy.
I would watch a Lynch slenderman movie just for the dialogue between characters. 
Follow... MY LONG ASS ARMS!!!! 
It was a story/creepypasta from almost 10-years-ago that was turned into a subpar game. I can't find the original story, but it was posted on a forum with a couple pictures and short descriptions of the pictures. The reason the game(s) worked was based on the lore built up by that story and the fandom that got hooked on the lore of Slenderman.
!remindme 90 days
The original creator of the concept from the somethingawful forums is credited as the primary screenwriter. 
"Alright boys, we finally got through Angry Birds and the Emoji Movie. What other fresh memes can we make movies out of?"

-Movie execs so coked out of their minds that the last six years have felt like one. 
Seriously, finally got to watching that trailer and it looks like trash.  They took a cool concept, which could have made for a pretty minimalist/tense movie and just made it stupid.



I refuse to call this shit a myth. *At best* it's a creepy meme. It's just some shit from SomethingAwful, right?
I have no clue if the movie will be any good, but I know the producers that have the rights and are behind this project.  I've worked for them on other shoots a bunch of times.

They're both good people that are legit horror fans that work a ton on independent films.  I've known they had the rights to this and something was in the works for a couple of years.  This project comes from an independent group of people that got themselves picked up by Sony.  
A cash in due to Anissa Weier and Morgan Geyser, their actions, and the coverage it recieved.
They just missed the boat by about four years, the slenderman meme having had a very short and very narrow 15 mins of fame.
Gotta get the jump scares in there. That's how you'll know it's a scary movie!
Knowing a "scare" is coming can also make it scarier because it adds in the sense of anticipation (which is usually a lot scarier than whatever thing pops out). Probably 80% of jump scares are telegraphed. People wouldn't keep setting them up so clearly if that wasn't part of the appeal in the first place.

No-setup jump scares tend to produce less "fun" scares and a greater sense of unease. But that's not always what people want.
Because marketing companies cut those trailers together, not studios.
I did do a good job filling me with a sense of boredom. I can wait to see this movie by accident while channel surfing on a hotel rooms cable lineup.
Ugh. Some of those would be bone chilling. Some would be hilarious.
I feel like scp would make a fantastic tv/netflix series
If you want an SCP series definitely check out Confinement on youtube. It's seriously good.
And it would be called The Blair Witch Project
That pretty much is Marble Hornets, and it is known for helping popularize slender man in general.
Don't Breathe was pretty much protagonist's fear and silence for most of the movie.
Absolutely!  I think back to the House of the Devil.  The first two thirds of that movie are super creepy, although nothing happens (except we meet a weird guy).  You're scared only because you know it's a horror movie called "house of the devil".  So you have this girl dancing around a house with a walkman on, and you're kind of freaking out the whole time
It might not be a blockbuster hit but it could easily become a cult classic horror film, just like Slenderman was before it became a youtube sensation.
I say make it black and white Nosferatu style.

I did like the scream it made in the trailer though, assuming that was it's scream.

but I could definitely see how if there was no dialogue it would make it sort of claustrophobic and tension filled. Like feeling like you're only getting a little bit of air to breathe.
Yes. It would be called Marble Hornets. 
Right? That's the tone I was expecting. Not like this... not like this...
I am sorry but the "source material"? Their is no real source material. Every story on the internet involving Slender Man is a different interpretation than the last because they are written by different people. There is no true source material... the closest you can get to is the original poster and he is writing the movie so there ya go.
It already doesn't seem faithful to the concept of Slenderman. Too much "exciting horror" whereas Slenderman is more subtle and minimalist.
They probably gave him 10k and a screen writing credit just to get their hands on the IP.
Well at least it doesn't look made by a failing one?
A shitty passing film student.
or rather they didn't try at all: everything, everything looks bland and fails at getting the smallest response.
To be fair, Jumanji just did that and it succeeded big time, and Solo isn't exactly as flop-proof as other Star Wars movies it seems like. 
Not only that, it's 14 days after Avengers. It's like they want the film to fail.
Horror movie targets a bit of a different crowd plus it probably has a low budget and doesn't need to make back much.
It's a way different genre. It'll be fine. 
Its probably hard not to since they insist on making 400 god damn star wars movies
At the very least, it will guarantee that Slender Man will see a massive drop off in ticket sales in week two.
Jumanji 2 opened a week before TLJ
I think the scenes where they randomly stab themselves or throw themselves off roofs aren’t exactly accurate to the “lore”. I might just be confusing the official story with Marble Hornets, but doesn’t SM turn people into proxies that carry out orders for him?
> People are going to want to see Slender Man, and what they are going to see is a form of mass hysteria among some local school children who are probably the only ones who ever actually see Slender Man, in the film. I suspect that Slender Man himself will make very few appearances.

So basically the opposite of IT. Instead of viewing it from the perspective of the kids that fights against the monster, it's going to be like adults seeing dumb kids do stupid shit.
This sub loved It and that was all teenage bullshit, what's the difference ?

I mean, not saying Pennywise was bad but he's the epitome of "bullshit jumpscare monster" yet everyone loved him
Yeah, as much as people bring up the attempted murder, we gotta remember that involved *children*. Children are malleable as shit.
Slenderman was never scary because of the idea of it.  It was scary because of the atmosphere.  I remember playing it during the day and not getting into and it was fine.  But if you immerse yourself, the feeling of being chased, the sound, the static, it was all very uncomfortable.  

This trailer, with all the cuts to weird and uncomfortable things, makes me think of the movie the ring.  The things don't make it scary.  The only time it showed slenderman, I was left expecting more.  
This comment made my entire week
I still can't get over the fact that people didn't like the VVitch. I saw the trailer and was super hyped for it, then I watched it myself and thought it was the best horror movie I had seen in years. Do people really need jump scares that much or were there other complaints? What was everyone's problem with it? (not rhetorical)

I've also heard similar things about It Comes At Night but haven't seen that movie yet.
Yep, this happens pretty often. Drive is my favorite movie of all time and the trailer is almost nothing like the movie. 
>expectations not being met with that crowd.

I am curious, "The VVitch" trailer was well concise: A baby from an family is stolen/lost by something (and, based in the title of the movie, is 'apparently a witch'). 

The trailer has no cheap jumpscares, and, even with the premise, it never shows something precisely 'unnatural', just like the movie itself [until that brilliant last scene](#spoiler). The trailer is literally telling me 'this is a psychological horror film'.

What was the crowd expecting?

Same can be told to "It Comes At Night".
Trailers give away too much nowadays IMHO, small teasers are the best way to go to get me intrigued
It's not based on Slender at all. I liked it, but I wouldn't even say it's a horror movie, the first half maybe, but it's mainly a social drama. The "Tall man" thing is given up pretty quickly. In fact, in some territories, the movie is called "The Secret".
Shit, I don't care if it's 10 years from now, I'm always down for a Slender Man movie. Marble Hornets was creepy as hell for a while and shows that a slow burn, atmospheric movie that relies heavily on mystery and uncovering things about Slender Man can work really well. If done right (preferably as a psychological horror), I can genuinely see Slender Man becoming a modern, mainstream horror icon. The character is *almost* there anyway.
Honestly, because of $. Look at mainstream theatrical films, they draw tons of audience so they want connect that audience with popular source material.

But whose to say they shouldn't? Money is the thing in the world that does most of the talking. Here's example:


Taiwanese people waited over 10 years of movie about their most famous urban legend, Moxina. Which is this scary little girl who follows people into the woods and separates them one by one, playing with them and causing them to suffer traumatic experiences (Here's the source material: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnOEfmKY_ik)

So when they finally made The Tag-Along aka The Moxina movie. They shamelessly just used the source material to market the movie, and took the mystery, creepiness and feel of the original video away.... and made PG-13 feeling CGI jump scare festival with regular human growth story on the side.


That shit of an movie, got bombed by critics. Bombed by demographic voting. Still made just crazy amount of money. Crazy amount of people saw it. Became the biggest horror move in Taiwanese history, became so popular that they rush made sequel with the exact same formula - and guess what the sequel made crazy amount of profit aswell.


Art is driven by money, not by what's good.
You could say this about a lot of trailers nowadays tbh.
What annoyed me about the first minute is - they're making a movie about a character who's effectively 'spooky where's Waldo' - and they kept showing all these wide shots with forest in the background, but they don't hide Slender Man in one god damn shot.  They only show him when he's front and center.  If feels like they're completely missing the point.
The shot of the girl walking out of the woods is too good to pass up though
Honestly I’d love to see someone re-cut it
It’s the same length as literally all theatrical trailers. Good god, you people will bitch about fucking everything. 
We saw It in the trailers.
Reminds me of that scene in IT (2017) where Ben’s sitting in the library and the library lady, standing far behind him and out of focus, looks straight at us with a terrifying grin for a couple of short shots.
It was actually hard to notice because she was so out of focus but when you saw it, it scared the hell out of you.

This movie could really benefit from similar shots with Slendy, I agree. I also hope he’s portrayed as that suit wearing tall guy with long limbs & white face. I mean it’s likely, but in the trailer he seemed a little like a CGI alien or something.
Yeah I hope they do this, Sinister did a good job of doing something similar, and it would be a good way to show off the creature design without getting too close or involving too much movement to break the illusion. 
That would be fantastic. I can’t tell you how many heart attacks I’ve had from those “when you see it” pictures, and that’s just a still frame. That could make this movie terrifying for me.
IT follows is actually exactly the movie this should've looked at for instpiration! That creepy beach scene where you see it coming but they're completely unaware is perfect 
Maybe they thought it would be emulating Marble Hornets too closely? I dunno
okay, I apologize because he looks PERFECT for Slenderman 
I'd love it if the movie is a psychological thriller with no monster, but the slender man is always hidden somewhere off in the background when crazy shit is happening. It would kind of be like the exorcist where possessed Reagan is the antagonist to conquer but by the end the real monster is still at large, somewhere out there.
That would actually be awesome.
Kind of the point isn't it?
AHHHHHH!
:(
Do you not remember the hype of the Slender games and how quickly that faded? If this movie came out at the height of the popularity of the character, it would've made shit tons of money. Now it'll probably make its money back and a little bit of profit. ~~It's not even going to be out for another year, apparently.~~

Edit: I'm an idiot. I forgot it's 2018.
Do you know if it was any good?
So did SVU... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgowman%27s_Wrath
Blast from the past.
Not sure if you are agreeing or disagreeing with me. 
I can’t recall exactly the name, but one of those YouTube shows was incredible. Really expanded the mythos of slender and put an awesome twist on it. I think it was EverymanHybrid or something? I watched a lot of the slender shows back then lol
I miss old Jay
When in fact more often than not the scariest most memorable scenes are the ones without proper scares but rather a foreboding sense of doom. It's a marvel how few working horror movie makers understand this basic principle.

If you want to throw in a jumpscare or gory scene...earn it! Build up the tension like a fraying piece of rope with our hero dangling precariously over a cliff...over time show more threads loosening at a quickening speed.... show the beads of sweat dripping off the heroes forehead.....and then.............SNAP! (or alternatively, don't snap. At least you got the audiences hearts racing.)

That's my rather weak example but Alfred Hitchcock has said similar things in the past far [better than I could.](https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/728496-there-is-a-distinct-difference-between-suspense-and-surprise-and) (Another similar example where Hitch says to build tension but [don't 'explode the bomb'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPFsuc_M_3E). 

James Wan is one of the only working horror makers that I feel uses both jumpscares and gore/violence effectively.

As you rightly said, most of the gore/scare scenes in modern horror are rather dumb.
The Happening + Bye Bye Man
It wants whatever the opposite of what the trailer shows when the already agreed upon narrative for the flim is that it's "terrible".  Based on previous threads, most the sub clearly already decided they hate the film as soon as it was announced so I had no doubt no matter the trailer was (which actually was pretty good and creepy for a horror movie trailer, without spoiling the whole film like many do) there'd be the same ole negativity circlejerk.  I for one am willing to at least give the movie a chance.
Spoilers and basic plot are very different. I'd say this trailer seems to have much more of the former.
the director fucks
Had no idea, ill check it out somehow
That's actually awesome that they found and credited the creator.

Assuming it's really him. This is an internet meme after all.
That's actually really great! But screenwriters still fall pretty low on the totem pole when making a film. From an actor interpreting a line differently on set, an exec demanding a script be rewritten in a different style, or simply a poorly edited trailer; there's a lot of things that could go wrong even with the original creator on board.
Frog on a unicycle will be its own franchise and theme park 
"What about that sparta guy?  Lets make a movie about him!"
Unpopular Opinion Puffin? Could grab unused and unedited footage from The Last Jedi, even.
No Flappy Bird movie yet
It could have worked as an artsy minimalist horror movie in the style of it follows.   
But when the goal is to cash in on an internet meme, especially one that fell out of fashion 5 years ago, you can bet the execs are looking to put in as little money as possible.  
In that context, interesting directors won't be attracted, as it takes a lot of money and a very good project to get a direcor with a very personal voice to work on something as corporate.
It's like a comedian tickling you, and saying "Haha, I made you laugh!"
Why can't it just be creepy FOR THE MOST PART? Sans any jump scares, or formulaic templates. 
The Witch had an incredible unexpected jumpscare near the end
On the one hand, a sea monster that can appear in any body of water and teleports you into an ocean so it can eat you.  

On the other hand, a ball of yarn and eyes that plays classical music.
YES, I would love that. That universe is so rich and open for amazing stories. 
Didnt the writer or director of Dirk Gently say that the government lab in that is based on the SCP foundation.
Maybe not a stretch, since there's already a surprisingly decent (as in restrained from using constant jump scares) [show based on creepypasta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xN_l6hSx5SU). 

I personally really liked that all the weird imagery was in the show too, unlike say American Horror Story with its promos.
I can see a black mirror style show doing that.
And you know what, slap a new name and new faces on it and I can make it work again. Just no shaky cam.
Heck, even Marble Hornets.
Or any classic film, Strangers on a Train was suspenseful. Half the movie was just tense moment of nothing happening. The major death was all shadows. Or Psycho, it builds for 30 min, exhales, and then builds for another 30, exhales, and then builds again until the climax. 
Very true. Ever watch Near Dark? One of my all time favorite vampire movies. Never used the word vampire and had a unique take on the origin and possible cure. 
# NOT LIKE THIS!!

^(Sorry, I couldn't help myself)
It seems faithful enough, what i'm interested in is the effects he has on peoples minds in the movie
I would bet more than 10K. I'm sure Blumhouse or something offered him money 5 years ago and he was waiting for a bigger payout/a more serious take on the property. Also they probably wanted distance from the whole stabbing incident. 

And the rights they acquired include video game, TV, and book rights. So I'm guessing that dude got some pretty serious cash. 
I'm sure plenty of people will take their kids purely because it has the Star Wars name on it.
all the star war fans i personally know are not looking forward to the solo movie and probably will not go see it in cinemas. 
Or they want to release the film? I don't know where people got the notion that every movie studio can release anything at anytime they want. It doesn't work that way.
I won't be seeing star wars or Avengers but would like to see Slender Man.  Happy to be the exception and not the rule to miss crowds.
But we are only at 3 so far with the new ones?
Jumanji also has a way more recognizable and nostalgic name than Slender Man, along with a super popular cast. 
>the official story

The official story is one comment on SomethingAwful with a photoshopped image of him in the background and a very brief blurb about the image. I think it might have been at a playground and something about kids going missing and nobody remembers having ever seen the thing/person in the back. The amount of time where slenderman existed as belonging to the original creator before it got picked up by the internet at large was pretty much zero.

Basically I'm saying there is no "official story." It's like folklore. It's unusual for folklore in that there is an identifiable point of origin, so with a bit of effort you could dig up the guy that made the first image and ask him which version of the story he likes best. But that's about as close as you'll get. 
Slender Man brings his victims to madness - the two options are you disappear eventually or kill yourself. Proxies are a later addition to the lore and could be good or bad depending on how they're handled. Masky in Marble Hornets is a good one - influenced and in a fugue state but not possessed.

So, depending on how the film handles it, they've either been driven mad (accurate) or possessed (bad movie!).
Kind of sleazy, but what if they're taking inspiration from that real-life case with the girls stabbing their friend over Slenderman or whatever? Not necessarily basing it on that, but playing with the nature of Slenderman as a meme that "gets in your head" and makes you do crazy shit, which in turn is the only reason people talk about the character in offline media. I'm assuming he's real in the universe of the film, but the story may take inspiration from the nature of people's fixation on the character in real life, as much as or more than whatever "lore" people cooked up.
People have nostalgia and an entire novel on IT. But yeah, loved Pennywise, I was completely underwhelmed by the movie. Seemed like a bunch of jump scare scenes stacked on top of eachother. 
Slenderman was a creepypasta myth/meme long before it was a video game. 
Right? The VVitch is one of the only movies that actually had me sitting awake at night thinking about it. The opening scene with the mortar and pestle, the score during the end with all the women singing, and just the atmosphere in general were so genuinely unsettling. Not to crap on jump scare movies, I’m not a big fan but I know they have their place; but movies like The VVitch and It really achieves good levels of actual horror for me.
I love the Witch but was like wtf is this the first time I watched it
It Comes At Night left me a little confused at the end because the trailer and the title had me expecting something completely different. Still a great movie, but no idea why they decided to use that title.
Pretty sure this crowd will unanimously love the VVitch.  Most film fans thought it was incredible.  But a lot of people went in expecting "Sinister in the 1500s."

Kinda like how The Grey is an amazing film but everyone was upset walking out of the theater because what people got was "Existential film questioning the nature of man and the inevitability of Death", but what they thought they were getting was "Guy from Taken goes into the woods and punches Wolves in the face!"
I don’t need jump scares but the witch was way too slow for my taste. 
> Do people really need jump scares that much

Yes. Just look at all the current popular horror franchises. It's all jump scares. I thought The VVitch was incredible because it wasn't like that. Wish more horror movies would follow that, as I love the genre. 
I consider it to me of a psychilogical drama with fantasy horror elements. It is very well directed, beautifully shot and scored, and has a tightly written plot structure with deep themes. 

But it is not scary at all. 

It plays out kind of like a television movie during the climax, and the final confrontation is so underwhelming that when it was over I didn't feel any impact or weight. But of course, I am not familiar with the new England folk tale it is apparently based off of.
I didn't like the VVitch. I just didn't see what the big deal was. It was executed really well(acting/cinematography), but the story and plot just didn't land with me. I had a lot of high expectations with how much people seem to be raving about it, but it didn't do it for me. I was partially expecting it to get really weird like A Field in England.

It Comes At Night I wound up really liking. I didn't know what to expect because like the OC pointed out both films had bait trailers, but I also know A24 isn't known for releasing run of the mill horror(or anything really.) 
The Witch is one of my all time favorite movies, but I totally get why people don't like it. It's slow as shit, the dialogue is hard to understand at times, it's as much a period piece as much as it is a horror film, the climax kind of falls flat and it's not what general audiences would find traditionally scary. Yes, most people really need jump scares to make a movie seem "scary", it's why most well regarded horror films that rely heavily on atmosphere don't tend to hit it off with audiences. Sure there's definitely exceptions, but there's a reason why most people tend to think of Friday the 13th and Paranomal Activity when you bring up horror, and why most people say horror sucks.
I just found it boring. Just nothing fun throughout the whole movie. Reading into it and doing research after just to try and understand it made it substantially better, but I was still just bored. No suspense throughout the movie at all. Just a family left to die for their fathers sins? I don't even remember what it was about. I just remember wondering "why" the entire time.
It was boring. I don't exactly like jumpscares either but not having them doesn't  make a good movie

But my complaint is that to me good horror is relatable, so period pieces taking place in olden days don't do anything for me. I get the feeling a lot of people feel the same way which is why movies like It are crowd pleasers
I didn't enjoy It Comes At Night. I won't say why to keep it spoiler-free, but I completely agree The VVitch was pretty underrated
This trailer was different in that in showed too much. It showed that chick stabbing herself/something and blood shooting on her classmate. Completely unnecessary unless you're trying to be edgy and appeal to "squirmy" violence fans. I immediately closed the trailer after seeing that. Literally ruins the scene when (and if) I watch the movie. 

I never watch entire trailers because I like going in blind, but my curiosity with this movie led me to watch it, and I'm disappointed with what I saw. But still gonna hope and wait for some reviews
[Here's a graph](https://i2.wp.com/stephenfollows.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Movie-trailer-average-length-by-genre.png?resize=900%2C494&ssl=1) of movie trailer lengths, by genre, from 2000 to 2016.

If you look at Horror, it's the shortest on average. Sitting at roughly 103 seconds in length. This trailer is 145. 
Yes. But Theatrical Trailers are typically not the FIRST trailer.
I almost never post here and take offense at “you people,” the trailer just seemed long to me. 
I disagree with the above poster who said that long trailers are inherently bad. I do think this trailer is not long, but not because it's a particularly long trailer. More like it doesn't convey enough information for the amount of time it takes to watch the whole thing. If everything you're giving me can be summed up in 50 seconds, it should be a 50 second trailer. I felt like I had made my decision on whether or not I was interested about a minute into this trailer and nothing after that added to my expectations regarding the film. This trailer wasn't too long for a trailer, it was too long for *this* trailer.
You're right, how dare that other person have an opinion!

Damned assholes will whine about anything. Not us though, we only complain about the complainers, those fucking asshats!
> It’s the same length as literally all theatrical trailer

doesn't mean it has to be. it'd be like a great 90 minute movie being extended to 2 hours because "all movies are 2 hours long" even though you don't need the extra half hour, and in fact it just makes the movie worse. 
That's not the only scene in IT like that. Pennywise is actually lurking in the background a lot. He appears in the mural when the losers are trying to help ben after henry got him. When bev comes home the first time theres a little pennywise doll in her house. And whenever people are watching tv a show is on encouraging kids to go play in the sewers.
Watched the scene on YouTube, is the lady actually pennywise? It's creepy yeah just a little confusing.
Yeah, between this guy and Jones they play every monster out there. A few things I thought WERE Doug Jones were done by this guy.

Conjuring 2, Mama, Crimson Peak, etc 
The parents blamed everything on technology, except you know maybe better parenting.
Ive seen it and I quite enjoyed the documentary! It was well paced and interesting. 
The women that made it had a viewing here in Portland and did a Q & A afterwards. It was pretty solid, makes you have a perspective you wouldn't expect.
Definitely worth a watch! 
Haven't seen it.
Very underwhelming IMO...mainly because at time of airing the case was still ongoing so no closure at all. 
Sort of both I guess. I don't think the character needs a mythos or known powers, and every Slender Man plot starts off as bare bones. While I don't want this to fail(nobody should want a movie to be bad) I don't have faith it'll succeed.
MarbleHornets phenomenal filmmaking really.
I watched a ton of them too, and I liked when they didn't bother explaining anything. 
[Chubby, munchkin-looking Jay?](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/rlmeu/images/c/c2/Tumblr_m62g4s9V861rsabxvo6_r1_1280.png/revision/latest?cb=20120815195055)

I'll admit, [new Jay](http://img.4plebs.org/boards/tv/image/1405/25/1405258990094.jpg) intimidates me.
When they said the thing about him being in her head I instantly thought of Bye Bye Man.
You seriously nailed it, dude. This sub in a nutshell.
Don't forget crowing about MUH JUMPSCARES


It's pretty good. I was obsessed with the lore of it at the time. It started off as a forum post (google "something awful slenderman") and just snowballed into thousands of really well done images and somewhat decent [creepypastas.](https://www.creepypasta.com/?s=slenderman)
I mean it’s essentially short story writing right? After you strip away all the ‘copy pasta’ nonsense that’s what you’re left with. Someone wrote a story and it propagated. It can’t be difficult to trace back to he original author.
Um, they didn't just find him and credit him.

Alex Knudsen (the creator of the photoshopped photo and initial 'lore' on the forums) holds the copyright to Slenderman. This also isn't the first movie adaptation or inquiry into Slenderman--all previous parties have had to go through Knudsen to get anything made. 

Slenderman isn't public domain, even though he originated on Internet forums. 
hope he got paid.
Plus, just because he is the original creator of the meme doesn't mean he knows what makes it good. All he did was photoshop a creepy picture. That doesn't mean he knows how to write an entire movie about it.
"oh shit waddup"

Starring Rob Schnieder as Dat Boi

*rated pg-13*
It’s 2026 my dudes! 

The Movie. 
Maybe it's just a sign of the times or a lowering of standards after The Emoji movie, but this idea doesn't sound that far-fetched. A pre-designed character with brand recognition and appeal to the younger generation that's completely misunderstood by movie execs.

Trailer:
*squeaky wheel noise* *inspirational sounding music*
Three animated frogs are picking flies from a plate with their tongues.

Frog 1: What's that noise?

Frog 2: *Looks over at the door.* No, it couldn't be... He said he'd never come back to the swamp... It sounds like...

Frog 3: A unicycle!!!

Frog 1: Here come dat boi!

All 3 Frogs Together: Oh shoot! Whaddup!

Coming Summer 2019: A tale of overcoming adversity, friendship, and what it means to ride a unicycle. 

"That Boy: The Movie"

Zach Braff as That Boy

Zach Galifianakis as That Dad

Zac Efron as That Bully

Anne Hathaway as That Girl
Please no, leave Dat Boi alone!
God I hope so
[3D Dancing Baby GIF: The Movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancing_baby)
I'm already hyped for The Nut Movie
can't wait for the nyan cat movie
Rising crescendo, eerie violin scraping. A brutally charred naked body. A toaster. 
On one hand, a ball of rusty fishhooks that makes you want to become entangled in it.

On the other hand, [REDACTED].
The series finale is already ready too,  2317. Appollyon class.
> ball of yarn 

I ran into SCP 006 playing Containment Breach with friends. We were so certain it was going to kill us horribly so we spent almost  10 minutes following it around keeping it in sight. 

Then SCP-173 flanked us. 
I'm pretty sure Max Landis (the writer) has written his own SCP so I would definitely believe he based something in his show about it. Can't wait for the second season to come out on Netflix in a couple days.
Channel Zero is good but it's sooooo slow. Which, I guess makes sense when you have to drag a short story out for several hours.
Call it...paranormal activity 
Stabbing incident?
[deleted]
They are not looking forward to it, but they will still see it. It's Star Wars.
They probably also think that their target audience doesn't overlap with the Avengers & Star Wars to the extent that they would need to pick a different weekend.
[deleted]
* Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens
* Rouge One: A Star Wars Story
* Star Wars VIII: The Last Jedi
* Solo: A Star Wars Story
* Kenobi: A Star Wars Story
* Binks: The Last Sith
This exactly.

Slenderman is Lovecraftian horror that was unfortunately revised in the last few years to be more of a self insert character. 
Slenderman controlling people was a concept long before that incident, and even before Marble Hornets IIRC. There may be some slight inspiration, but the concept of a monster spreading via memetics is nothing new.
Literally forgot there was some cheap game.
I usually can't stand any horror movies but I very much enjoyed the Witch. I even grew up around some German Baptist/Amish people when I was really young that spoke pretty similarly in the movie, so I didn't have any trouble understanding them. I found the horror realistic in the way it portrayed actual perceptions of witches during the time and what people really believed how they worked. I still have Christian relatives that will truthfully say that witches are the work of Satan. If they watched this movie it would terrify them for how *real* it is, as if it's a daily struggle we have to fight against. 
My exact thoughts on the movie. When it ended I was like are you kidding me. Spent the whole night thinking about the movie and then when I watched it again with subtitles because it was kind of hard to make out some dialogue I appreciated it much more. Good movie.
It's more of a drama about a family than it is an actual horror movie.
“It” was meant to describe the sinking, unsettling feeling of dread and horror at what the next day might bring. The paranoia of infection, the fear of meeting another person who might be a carrier, but also the fear of never seeing another person outside of your family, or the fear that one of them might be compromised. That’s what was coming to them at night. 
Because Satan
Same. The atmosphere didn’t capture me at all and just ended up being bored the entire time.
From the intense strings in the intro segment as they leave the village, I was on pins and needles the entire movie. As a new Dad myself, the looming threats coming for his children worked on me 110%.
That's actually a really interesting chart. Seems that the more "real" a film's topic, the longer the trailer. Weird. 
[deleted]
it was absolutely too long.  Long is a completely relative term.  For example, the Two Towers extended edition is four hours, but at the end you want it to go on.  Most movies overstay their welcome at about the 92-minute mark.  Same with trailers.  This trailer would have worked much better as a 15-30-second teaser, ending with the distant glimpse of SM.
You aren't alone, it felt pretty damn long 
Fair response. I had time to look away from the clip and come back with 30 seconds still remaining. Maybe since I know the slendernan story I didn’t need the details, I don’t know. I will point to the young girl apparently stabbing herself as too much detail. I don’t even think you need that kind of detail in the actual film, let alone the trailer.
Where in that scene does that lady look up grinning at the camera?
For the purposes of this discussion, I'll present four styles of parenting:

1. Over involved (helicopter)
2. Involved (hands on, but not hovering)
3. laissez faire (hands off)
4. Actively shitty (abusive)

In the old days (70's/80's/early 90's), most American kids got parenting type 3.  "Just be back when the street lights come on" was the beginning and end of it.  It was not too risky, because the worst that could happen would be a close encounter with the neighborhood troublemaker.  And most kids would quickly tire of him/her.

Nowadays, type 3 is risky.  Their young unformed minds have access to way too much craziness via the Internet.  This is how kids can self-radicalize.  That could be a matter of just being a forum/gaming troll, or maybe a bit over-the-top politically (at either edge of the spectrum), but it's also of a piece with junior jihadis, and actual murderers.  But sadly and mostly, this is how you get teen suicide.

It's really best not to let kids wander around the open internet for great lengths of time unsupervised.




I watched that yeah but the one I was talking about was EverymanHybrid. I loved marble hornets but I just found Everyman more engaging. 
Stupid sexy Jay
I don't think it's an issue with /r/movies specifically. It's just what gets a reaction in an online forum. If you put up two self posts: "What's your favorite recent movie trope" and "What movie trope of the last 10 years can you not STAND" guess which one would get way more responses? And not only more, but probably better responses. Controversy and "negative" viewpoints are much easier to write about and discuss, and people are more passionate about them. "I liked the Last Jedi" is a lot harder to write about extensively than "Here are all the things I hated in The Last Jedi!"

I agree that the negativity circlejerk gets tiresome, especially since I am a fairly positive moviegoer who is easily entertained. But I think it's important to understand why. It's not because /r/movies is full of negative misanthropes. It's just tough to write about vague positivity. It's hard to be specifically positive about a movie until it comes out and we're in the post-release Discussion Thread. It's a symptom of the entire setup of online discussion of anything. 
I think the original was not even an actual "story", IIRC it was a "paranormal photo" photoshop contest on somethingawful, the whole *lore* happened after that.
There'$ got to be $omething they can do to convince him to let them make a $hit movie. 
> Oh $h*t waddup

ftfy

> Starring Rob Schneider as Dat Boi

ftfy
#sony's A meme movie 
I'd see it for the three Zac(h)s for sure
Someone get this guy on the phone with hollywood 
SCP would make a great horror-comedy, like The Cabin in the Woods.
Oh, you mean 👹♥️📄?
Season 1 was amazing, season 2 dragged like a motherfucker and they picked the worst creepypasta. Season 3 looks cool tho
Or VHS, or REC. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slender_Man_stabbing

There was a pretty good HBO doc made about it that came out this year, so a lot of people have been talking about it recently. 
I know people that didn't understand Rogue One was not a direct sequel to The Force Awakens. Even after seeing pre-New Hope stuff like Vader, Leia, and an untested Death Star... They still didn't get it after seeing it twice or so. Like how??? 
Pretty much sums me up. I love Star Wars just as much as the next guy, but not really excited for Solo. 
Yeah...I fall into that category for sure. Will skip the crowds the first couple of days but will still end up watching it even though I haven't cared for the more recent films.
Just look at films that went up against Star Wars movies the past two years. Sing and Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle both went after families and are going to both end up grossing $250+ Million. Or even Daddy’s Home and Sisters grossing $150 Million and $90 Million against The Force Awakens 
Well Ferdinand not so much especially compared to its budget. A better comparison would be Jumanji 
You listed a movie that won’t make back it’s budget and marketing.
> Binks: The Last Sith


*"Mesa will finish... what yousa started..."*
I would love to show The Witch to my Christian relatives just to see what they thought of it. Even better would be to somehow show someone from like 250 years ago that was going through the settler struggle
That ending pretty much ruined it for me. 
Yeah. I went in to be scared or even disturbed. I left super disappointed.
After watching It and It Follows for the upteenth time I really was expecting a tangible “It” after the first dream. “It” came in other forms, and I was actually very okay with that.
Then why release the first poster of the dog barking into the woods. That directly implies the 'It' has a physical manifestation. The movie was fine but it was oddly presented. 
You joke, but I'm convinced that there are a lot of people on this site who legitimately want to believe that since it makes it simpler to deal with ideas that you don't like. Instead of needing consider the millions of different experiences and perspectives that make up the community before responding to someone, just respond to them as if they were whichever "reddit user archetype" you want.
[Clip I watched](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ2i9MOC91c&t=115s)


At 0:15, she turns around and the same shot is used again after, she's definitely Pennywise, I was watching it on a tablet before, on a HD monitor now and it's clearer. She also disappears as the balloon appears. The actual lady is still in the background by the shelf though.
I actually see number 2 as the "old school" Type of parenting instead of 3. I feel like 2 has always been the best way of allowing the children to play but to be let them know when to come home instead of not caring when they came home as long as they came home. 
I always found TribeTwelve to be the most interesting due to the creator being a film student who specialised in editing
Aaa, understood. I was unaware it started with a photoshop. That does complicate things. Who gets the credit? the original photoshopper or the first person to define the slenderman 'mythos'? Were they one and the same? Did the photoshopper have lore with his image?
There was story attached to the original posts. Not a lot, but some. 
Yeah I'm pretty sure it just started as a trolling campaign to put slenderman in the background of a bunch of old photographs and then make up stories of what happened to the people in the foreground.

So kind of like It but as a prank. Great idea, but I don't think that then indicates you'll be a good screenwriter
Actually, IIRC, Slender Man WAS created on the Something Awful forums as a photoshop. But the creator, Troy Wagner, went on to create the YouTube series Marble Hornets - which then gives Slender Man an entire backstory. 
"Marble Hornets is a YouTube web series inspired by the Slender Man online mythos. The first episode was posted on YouTube on June 20, 2009, following a post that its creator, Troy Wagner, created on Something Awful the previous day." 
>W A D D U P

/Lens Flare

/BWAAAAAAAA
I mean, Cabin In The Woods basically WAS an SCP movie. 

Shady and secret corporation with all the paranormal shit, taking care of the world from the shadows, filing and containing everything they find... etc etc 
My girlfriend has been getting into nosleep and creepypastas... And that’s how I described SCP to her... it’s pretty bang on. (Goddamn I loved that movie)
No I was actually talking about t̤̳͍ͨ̃ͦ̒ͫ̀̕h̳͖̣̠͇̲̭̅̔̈ͬ̇̐͂̈́͒͡ͅeͬͪ̂̌́̔̓͏̬͙ ̤̝̅̓̈ͬ̊o̵̟̞ͪ̿͂͒ͮͬ͡n̴̷̦̜̦̯̐̏͒e͇͋ͤͫ̂̇̓͟ ̷͉͎̙͔͚͌̆ͣ̽ͅw̠͍̦̼̎͢͢͢h̜̝̳̤̬̦̣͐ͬͭ͋ͭ͊͟e͔̼̱̼̥̬͑̂͊̽̏̏͒ͅr̘̙͇͓̫͆̆̿ͣ̓́͝e̟̼̬͔̯͍̒̋ͤ́̽ͮ̈́͒...
-
-


*Memetic hazard detected, counter-meme deployed.  Remain where you are and wait for your local response team to arrive.  Failure to comply will result in termination or demotion to D-class status.*
I actually like a good slow burn, but I do agree that I preferred the first season.

I think I liked the lead in the second better though, and thought the relationship with the dad was interesting - especially seeing Lynch play a character that wasn't just straight scary.

Is the next season based on the forest service nosleep story?

Anyway despite the slow pace, the show really has the atmosphere down pat in my opinion. A show about creepypasta should be just that -- creepy, not shocking, which is the approach the Slender film seems to be taking. 
Yooo, REC is one of the finest horror films in the last 20 years. 
Or *Creep.*  Didn't expect to like it as much as I did.
The girls involved are also being sentenced, so it's back in the spotlight.
This is sad. 

I am actually excited about it now mainly 'cuz I wanna see if it's a coherent story after getting a new director and having to reshoot 80% of the film. 
I had all but forgotten what Jar Jar sounds like, but now I remember. Now I remember.
"I knowsa, what I have to dosa"
*steps in dogshit*
That pissed me off so much. I was so hyped seeing that poster. Still enjoyed the movie but I was pissed
Oh wow thats something I've never noticed before. Definietly creepy.
agreed - like any truncated "off the cuff" list, I left out a few things.there are more like 2 "hands-off" styles.  One is engaged (give them a long leash, but punish misbehavior), one is almost completely disengaged (no leash, let them smoke weed in the house for example).  Most kids got the first one.

I guess my point was that, in the old days, if you lived in a non-terrible town/neighborhood, you could really phone it in as a parent.  Granted, back then, way more kids would break bones and require stitches from all that unsupervised play.  But at least the didn't become the victim or perpetrator of a nasty cyber mob just sitting in their room tapping on their phones.  Or declare themselves an otherkin after too much tumblr time. (though I'd prefer the latter if those were the only choices).
Watched that as well. I loved all I saw up to but isn’t that one basically over as he stopped making it? 
It was a series of images and stories contributed by a bunch of people.  I remember going through some of the archives years back, and every little fictional anecdote painted a piece of the picture.  That's where a lot of the mystery vibe comes from, as no one was telling the entire story, only adhering to the rules of the previous entries.

It's a shame they're heading into gore territory, as the creep vibe was kind of the foundation of the story.  I mean, his shape makes him inherently unsettling and gives him his name.
Do the Marblehornets people get anything at all?
Nope. Alex Knudsen is the creator
> "It's happening..."

> **BWAAAAAA**

> "He's coming..."

> **BWAAAAAA**

> "*Who?*.."

> **BWAAAAAA**

> *rapid, terrified breathing* "Oh shi-"

> **BWAAAAAA**

> T H I S  S U M M E R

> O N E  F R O G

> G E T S  W H E E L

> "Here he comes!!!"

> **BWAAAAAA**

> **D A T B O I**
LETS RIBBIT UP
It is satisfying. 
So is vhs
I'll have to check that one out. 
Narrator: *It wasn't*
*Never Forget*
Makes me wanna watch the movie again.
It was always gory, there's a bit in the original lore that says when victims' bodies are operated on *their organs were stuffed in plastic bags and then stuffed back inside of them*

I could be wrong but That's what i remember 
No, because they didn't create Slenderman. They didn't even use the name "Slenderman" in the series. 
T|H|I|S|S|U|M|M|E|R|
-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
H|H| | | | | | | | |
I| |I| | | | | | | |
S| | |S| | | | | | |
S| | | |S| | | | | |
U| | | | |U| | | | |
M| | | | | |M| | | |
M| | | | | | |M| | |
E| | | | | | | |E| |
R| | | | | | | | |R|

And both have a ton of terrible cash grab sequels. 
Word of warning: it relies heavily on fake jump scares, couldn't stand it
I'm pretty sure the dead body parts/organs were stuffed into black garbage bags and then hung from trees in the forest.
REC 2 was solid. I agree with VHS 2 and REC 3 and 4. 
Awwww :( 
