Apparently Wilson Fisk is in this voiced by Liev Schrieber...that's pretty neat
His dad better not die 
"You gotta say 'I love you' back"  
  
This is some police brutality. 
That comic style on screen is a fantastic idea. So excited for this! 
Wow.

Looks visually stunning, especially those city shots. 
Spiderman Too: 2 Many Spidermen
I hope Spider-Ham is in the movie.
I actually love the art direction in this. Feels completely new. It's sort of looks like if Laika did a Fully CGI movie. The banter with the dad looks great too. 
Jake Johnson as an older, grizzled Peter Parker imparting comedic life wisdoms is the best part of this whole affair
The glass shattering as he jumps off the building is such a nice touch. You can already tell the amount of detail and work thats gone into this movie, I'm unbelievably exited.
The animation is seriously incredible.
10/10 All in. Looks great.  "Dad, I love you... THAT'S A COPY"
Hopefully this does REALLY well.  There's a ton of comic book stories that would lend themselves to animation rather than live action.
LOVE the new style. 
[Spider-Gwen](https://ephmedia.giphy.com/8e5fe631-7ed0-4ff9-9b4e-f6f41cb33539.gif) is voiced by [Hailee Steinfeld](https://imgur.com/gallery/amlm5) (she’s pretty busy right now)
Looks amazing!!!

This is written by Phil Lord and Chris Miller, right?
I thought john krasinski was the voice of peter parker in the first teaser trailer? Now it changed to that guy from new girl. Odd.
This looks fucking incredible 
I'm not even joking, this is already one of the most visually stunning animations I've seen. 
I have never thought there are animation styles other than CG, painted and stop motion

I can't even tell what style is that but it looks insane 
Finally somebody has evolved 3D animation to be more that just photo realism with Pixar type characters.

This looks like an amazing kinetic comic book come to life. I'm floored.

As a huge Spidey fan, I couldn't be happier with this direction.
"What's Comic Con?"

Hahahahahaha
This looks phenomenal holy shit
Anyone want to explain how the Spidermen travel inter-dimensionally?
That Comic-Con gag at the end gave me a good chuckle.

This looks really cool!
##Whoa, that was sick. 

2018's definitely turning out to be the Year of Fourth-wall Breaking Movies hah. 
Wait...is Peter Parkers spiderman wearing sweatpants at the end of that trailer?
THIS is the kind of thing Sony's animation department is capable of. I can't believe they wasted talent on The Emoji Movie.
this movie looks great. Between the upcoming game and into the spider-verse, Homecoming really kicked off a spiderennaisance. 
This is the only upcoming non mcu spider-man movie i'm going to see
Brian Tyree Henry (Paperboi) is everywhere - He voices the dad in this one. Last 4 different movie trailers I watched had a role for him. 
You gave me Spidey I got you Spidey
Looks absolutely fucking spectacular
Okay, I'm fangirl\-screaming over here. Three\-cups\-of\-coffee ramblings of a comics reader incoming.

So, they're fucking adapting the entire "what if Gwen Stacy became Spidey?" storyline and like, it's been such an excellent direction for her character and I'm still salty about her solo series' cancellation. It was so stylish! But since her entire origin story involves Peter getting killed off in her universe... yeah, bring tissues, non\-comic fans.

Fuck yeah, Miles is finally showing up on the big screen! And with his invisibility powers, to boot! Kinda curious about how they'll handle his electric spikes, though, because those things are OP in the comics. I have a feeling that they'll prob need a major nerf for drama\-preservation purposes. Also, sorry, Peter doesn't survive his origin story either.

Also, Peter Parker finally shows up as an adult on the big screen! Prob alive through alternate\-universe\-travel shenanigans, because it's looking like at least a good chunk of the movie might be taking place on Miles' home turf. Can't really comment much on him because I've only seen grown\-ass Peter Parker in the new run of Spiderman/Deadpool and he was some kind of big\-shot CEO in that thing. Which he clearly isn't here.

Anyways, I was already intending to go watch this thing on the first weekend after release because of the sweet cinematography in the first trailer but this trailer just made me decide to go see this thing on the premiere day (preferably with as many friends and classmates as possible in tow).
[Spidermen Too: 2 Many Spidermen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bw1OlVdZ2U)
Gwen Stacy's feet when she landed is so elegant and strong too! 
Good news, bad news:

Good news: this looks incredible, and is now totally a film I'm looking forward to.

Bad news: if Sony pulls this off, it's only going to embolden DC in their desire to release films with multiple versions of the same characters concurrently (eg both a Jared Leto Joker movie and a Joaquin Phoenix Joker movie).
Looks like it just might be the best Spidey movie ever. 
What's the name of the song used in this trailer? 
It's very weird to me that they made Miles' dad a cop, in a movie which also features Gwen Stacy.  Her entire thing was how her dad was a cop and desperately trying to protect her identity as a superhero.  

It feels similar to them basically giving Peter elements from Miles' Ultimate comics in Homecoming (the charter school, the overweight asian best friend, the various power upgrades, etc.)

That's just my nerdy nitpicking though.  This looks absolutely fantastic.  Art style is so fucking unique for these superhero movies.  OST sounds like it's going to be great.  Peter sounds a bit weird, but we'll see how it turns out.  
Why does it look like the animation is stuttering? It really messes with my head.
That radioactive spider really gets around. How many spider people *are* there?
I wonder how he got those $800 Jordan 1 Chicago's
Looks great! If only Sony could have done this with Venom too.
Ah, so Spider Gwen. Too bad no GwenPool
This movie is going to be bonkers! Christmas can't come soon enough.
I was thoroughly enjoying the trailer, thinking Yeah this looks pretty sweet. Then Spider-Gwen showed up and I was like Oh fuck yes! (I just love her design so much.)
Looks amazing, but I can't help seeing Nick Miller when I hear that voice.
Young black man can't even go to school without getting harassed by police. Tragic. 

Good trailer. I have no interest in Venom, but this looks fun.
They had me with the teaser. The animation style is just amazing. Spidergwen looks pretty great in this style, as they all do. I just really hope this can live up to expectations when it comes to the story and writing. Because at this point we can be sure it'll be a beautiful movie visually. I'm not too worried, though.
Which song was that when miles jumps off the tower in slow mo? 
It's art is really well done but I'm not a fan of the low frame animation.
what the fuck!? the art style is wacky as hell
I think I’m hearing two different peter parker voices? The first two lines sound like John Krasinski while the rest is definitely Jake Johnson. I know it doesn’t make sense but Krasinski was cast once https://www.google.com/amp/wegotthiscovered.com/movies/john-krasinski-play-peter-parker-spider-man-spider-verse/amp/
Finally Kingpin in a Spidey film!
Isn't he Morlun?
Come on, he's a good cop, probably only a few days away from retirement.

His odds of surviving the movie are 928343824 to one.
He made too many jokes to be the sacrificial lamb. Definitely comic relief.. I hope
He doesn't die in the comics if that makes you feel better. However they could still have him killed who is to say.
Weeelllll in the _books_...
I'll do you one better, he shoots his own son
And he has to ride in his dad's car in the back seat.

Actually how does that even work? Cop car doors in the back seat shouldn't open freely. His dad would have had to open up the doors for him. 
That cop murdered that unarmed black kid ^'s ^social ^standing
That scene is gonna make me go see the movie.
Even if the movie sucks (Not likely) I'll watch it just for the visuals. 

It's so pretty I just want to watch it again and again.
This is getting out of hand. Now there's two of them.
"And I will crush that Spiderman! And then that other Spiderman! And ALL THE SPIDERMEN! Til I'm the SPIDERMAN!"
2Spider2Man
JJ is gonna have an aneurysm
And 2099

And Noir
If there isn't even a nod to my man Peter Porker I will be very upset.
But who could play the voice...?

Trick question Danny DeVito is the only answer.
Spider\-Pig will have to do
Let's not forget [Italian Spiderman.](https://youtu.be/UhHhXukovMU)
I know, this movie looks gorgeous!

My one complaint is that Peter looks like a hobo [Kent Mansley](https://houseofgeekery.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/1999_the_iron_giant_047.jpg)
Am I supposed to have 3D glasses on? That double image might be very jarring in actual 3D though.
It reminds me of what the Telltale Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us games would look like if they were working with film-quality 3D models instead of game-quality.
He's basically playing a superpowered version of his character from New Girl, and I love it. 
I legit thought it was Lil Dicky for a good while there lmao
Eh? I thought Jim from the office was Peter Parker. Must've misremembered
His attempts to get out of paying for food don’t feel like Peter, they feel like Nick from New Girl. Unless there’s a Schmidt Spider-Man, it’s just weird. 
I swear I hear him for the first two spider-man lines in the trailer. Maybe there’s two Peter Parker’s from two realities? 
Kind of a dick move though. One of those wind-resistant sheets of toughened glass is super expensive. Not to mention how there are now sharpened shards falling hundreds of feet on to a city sidewalk.
I hope you enter again.
I wish it were smoother but it's expressive as hell.
seriously there is LOADS of potential for this! It both looks great and the writing's pretty good.
I feel like The Rock is gonna see this trailer and think "How was I not cast as the dad!?"
Hijacking top comment to say my brother was one of the lead creatives for this movie and had a lot to do with the visuals, and I'm practically bursting with pride seeing the full trailer and poster finally drop!! [Link to his instagram, @theokartist](https://www.instagram.com/theokartist/)
Please don't kill the daddy.
[Great dad, just in time for Father's Day](https://vlipsy.com/vlip/spider-man-into-the-spider-verse-dad-i-love-you-thats-a-copy-xXB9FBqN)
The dad is already my favorite character.
It would also give Sony their own little universe to play around in, with an actual Spider-Man they can use so they can stop trying to make the Spider-Manless Edge Verse they're going with.
Whoa, buddy, *love* the new outfit.
It's awesome. It almost looks like cel-shaded claymation/stop motion.
Yeah I really can't compare this style to any other I've seen. I hope marvel does this with more movies. 

Edit: my bad... I mean Sony
I really hope Gwen has a heart to heart moment with a peter like in the comics, where they talk about how they couldnt save their peter and their Gwen, respectively.
[deleted]
I'm out of the loop re: the comics but wouldn't calling yourself "Spider-Gwen" kind of give part of your secret identity away?
oh dang, I thought it would be dove cameron. 
So glad shes getting more roles now. Hopefully she breaks out this year with Bumblebee and this. 

The world needs more Hailee Steinfeld.
Both of them are producing it, but only Phil Lord  wrote the script
I think they're both in it. I think Spidey that teaches him is different from the Spidey that saves him. When Miles was rescued the voice sounded like Krasinski. 
I think Joe Johnson's Spider-Man is from another universe. If it follows the ultimate storyline then the original Peter Parker dies

*Jake Johnson, my bad 
Part of Miles' origin is Spider-Man dying when he was a few weeks into having his powers. 

He feels guilty that he didn't do anything with his powers to help. 

Essentially Peter is Miles' Uncle Ben. Especially when he hears 'with great power, comes great responsibility' from the funeral. 
Calling it now, this will be the best Sony Spiderman movie ever.
I didn't care at all before I watched this. Now I'm furious I have to wait till fucking December to see this. 
At first: *what are they trying to do...*

By the end of it: *I need more of this.*
Never have I so truly meant this, but this film truly takes advantage of being animation. It couldn't possibly be done otherwise and MY GOD does it look absolutely fucking amazing. It's actually hard to believe that they translated the visuals of a comic to the screen so perfectly.
I don't like the low framerates..
It is so much fun and perfect. 
I really dislike the particular style it's done in, but even I will attest to how professional and smooth it looks.
CG, painted and stop motion are more of methods of animation, which can all be used to create a unique style. Just look at the difference between Aardman and Laika films - both stop-motion, yet both completely unique.

It's the same with this film - CG, but a wonderfully creative style made with it.
It's just unique CG. Phil Lord and Chris Miller have kind of made that their thing.  
My understanding is that it's CGI, but with what looks like a limited frame rate to kind of replicate stop-motion and hand-drawn textures incorporated into the CG.

So, kind of all of them?
It’s crazy how 3D animation exploded and Pixar has been such a standard since Toy Story. 

The industry really fell into the groove of “if its not broken, don’t fix it” to an extent. The last big animated movie I was impressed with their art direction was Kubo.  

EDIT: before I get more comments about how Kubo is stop motion, I was referring to just animation in general. I understand the difference. 
Feels like a Deadpool line hahaha
I went from 'Oh another animated comic movie' to 'HOLY MOTHER OF FUCK I WANT TO WATCH THIS!'
Spider verse, the comic series, explains it as the mutiverse being a Web, with different universes connecting each other with strings of fate. The spider people are all considered "totems" and their access to the web, subconsciously allows for spider sense (vibrations in the web of the mutiverse)

As for direct travel, they have watches that connect them to the webkeeper, which is a large part of the comic story so I won't go into detail on that. But the keeper pulls them out onto the web and into "earth 0" where the web is physical.
Deadpool 2, Wreck it Ralph 2, This

The self awareness is off the charts
Does it break the fourth wall? Comic books still exist in their universe so surely comic conventions do too, right?
Probably cause it’s cold wherever they where, not like a permanent costume change or something
Sometimes you learn more from your failures than a success.
Hey if the cash they raked from that awful movie was to fund this movie then I'm alright with it.
A-fucking-men to that. So many shitty Spiderman games and half assed movies, and now it finally feels like Spidey being given the right treatment.
What other upcoming non mcu Spider-Man movies are there?
Goddamn, Hotel Artemis looks so dope.
gave me spidey got you spi.... you you gave me spidey i got you spidey maan! we're even, we're even Uncle Ben!!
Sensational!
It sounds like an odd thing to point out, but I kinda noticed that too. It’s like she landed en pointe like a ballerina and then just kept walking that way and it was beautiful. I love Spider-Gwen and it looks like they nailed it with her as well as Miles. Now I’m excited to see what other Spider-People we’ll get. Fingers crossed for at least Silk, and hopefully Madame Webb, Spiderwoman and Spider-Girl (Anya version). 
kinda irrelevant but i want to see how powerful the spider people are. arent gwen and miles supposed to be significantly weaker than peter?
I'd be totally fine if DC decides to do this instead. They really messed up their cinematic universe to the point its not really fun to see. Random solos will just get to the point and have fun with the characters
I’m not so sure that’s a bad thing. Clearly, Marvel is currently the only studio that has figured out how to do the whole “interconnected universe” thing. For everyone else, it seems to be creative poison. The best X-Men movies of the past several years are the ones who dropped any sense of continuity and just did their own thing. If different writers/directors/actors have their own takes on characters, I’m fine with that as long as they’re interesting 
> Bad news: if Sony pulls this off, it's only going to embolden DC in their desire to release films with multiple versions of the same characters concurrently (eg both a Jared Leto Joker movie and a Joaquin Phoenix Joker movie).

Eh, I could honestly go for more bold standalone blockbusters. Different takes on Batman, rapidly, not beholden to trilogy structures or cinematic universes. I'd almost prefer it. Don't get me wrong, I love the MCU, but, I really don't need *everything* to be a massive interlinked thing. 

I have you seen he release list for that weekend. All those movies are fucked. All these premiere the same weekend:

Aquaman

Spider-Man

Bumblebee

Battle angel

Mary Poppins. 
> a Joaquin Phoenix Joker movie

Uhhhhh that would be amazing wtf
an unreleased vince staples song i think?
Miles's dad was a cop in the comics though. 
It's made to look like stop\-motion animation.
So, 3D anime employ a similar thing. The animation is intentionally stilted to look more like, well, 2D animation. It can be a bit jarring and some things do it way better than others. 
Well it only had to bite 1-2 people per reality
It only bites one person per universe.  Each of those Spider People are from different universes
stockX
Alternate universe where they are cheap dude 
His uncle is a thief technically. Maybe he stole them for him, and he don't know they're stolen.
Rated R, animated Venom/Carnage would be rad.
Why would gwenpool be in a spider-verse movie?
I mean they still could, Gwenpool isn't Gwen Stacy, but I'd still say it's  unlikely. 
What's up with Gwen Stacy (of all characters) being turned into multiple superheroes? Why is that a thing?
gwenom is where its at!!!!!!!!!
Wacky in a good way! Not liking Peter's voice though. A little raspy.
I think Krasinki is the Peter that saves Miles in the beginning, and he probably dies, and Jake is a Spidey from another universe that comes to mentor him.
I still really hope they bring Vincent D'Onofrio's version of the character into a future MCU Spidey film. 
I mean you can't really do him justice in live action. The Daredevil show had an amazing *version* of Kingpin, but ***the*** Kingpin is literally the size of a family sedan and mean as shit.
Wait Morlun is in this one? Thats awesome
is he too old for this shit ?
Also he's the black cop in an action movie featuring a superhero. He's literally set up to die if they follow every action trope in the book.
Tony, there was no other way. 
Killing off the comedic relief is a fairly common tactic, mate.
I'm gonna go with 'it's a movie' on that one.
Roll down the window and the person reaches outside and pulls the handle.
Because his universe looks and feels just like yours, but just a little bit different.

Coke is spelled wrong and cop cars have power locks that the driver can trigger from his door.
Different universe, different rules
I haven't been in a cop car, but it would seem unsafe if it you were always unable to open the back doors. I know some cars have a switch for child locks, is that the same for cop cars?
That's a setting in the car door that he could change just to mess with his son.
Seriously, I've seen enough raw footage of young black people dying ^^on ^^the ^^inside
>Even if the movie sucks (Not likely)

While this looks good, this is Sony and trailers can be deceiving. A healthy dose of skepticism is advised here. Remember, this is the same studio that brought us the Emoji Movie
The upside down shot of him free falling is art, period. I would pay for a blown up print of that. I would frame that and hang it proudly in my living room.

Edit: [Spider Gwen. That is all.](#spoiler)
And not just Spidermen. But also Spiderwomen and Spiderchildren.
You are in this universe, but we do not grant you the rank of Spiderman.
Kimbecile
Spider-Man played by Jet Li re-enacting the plot from The One, but with Spider-Men
And [SUPAIDA-MAN: *the emissary of hell*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me-wMZeKck4)
And 6 arms

And Superior
and Supaidaman ft Leopardon
Ben parker spidey would be dope. Man, if they do a spider verse movie trilogy, I'll be so happy. 
2099 is the only Spider-Man I recognize. 
Noir is my favorite straight man/fish out of water character.  
From the trailer, my guess is we won't see a lot of them, at least not as major characters. We'll see just the beginnings of other universes and a few characters bleed through, but it'll set up a sequel with a more faithful spider verse adaptation. 
Fuck, Noir Spider-Man was so good.
Isn't he playing Man-Spider?
Spiderrrr haaaaammm!! :-(
You're thinking of [Man-Spider.](http://i.imgur.com/ADdZduB.jpg)
*Can he swing from a web?*

[*No he can't, he's a pig.*](https://youtu.be/714-Ioa4XQw)
i knew that face looked familiar
WHERE’S THE GIANT, MANSLEY?
"Mil Mor... MILES MORALES!"
He should greet Miles with "Hiya, Sport!"
I believe they're using chromatic abbreviation as a sort of bokeh effect to draw your attention to characters and such.  
In the burger scene at 1:10, you can see the counters and menus in the background have chromatic abbreviation whereas the characters and waiter are in focus. When you have an over shoulder camera shot of the white dude, his body is affected by chromatic abbreviation. So seems like it's meant to be used as a depth of field sort of thing.  
It's an inventive way of using the effect; I personally think chromatic abbreviation looks horrendous though and particularly when used in animation as it can look quite jarring.  
  
Edit: Aberration not abbreviation. Only a genius makes the same mistake four times...
[deleted]
Chromatic Aberration.

It is pretty jarring and probably my only beef with the art direction here. I get that they were aiming for the comic book 'texture' but I can't help but think that this level of utilization is going to turn some people off.


I'm not kidding - I just put on red/cyan anaglyph 3D glasses and a lot of shots actually are 3D when you watch them that way because of the chromatic abberation. [1:32](https://youtu.be/g4Hbz2jLxvQ?t=1m32s) actually looks gorgeous with 3D glasses on.
For the first time in my life I see my feet as something other than weapons. 
>For what it's worth, I think what I did was really brave
Now we know where he got his Pepperwood stories.
Is that who it is? I couldn’t pin down his voice.
The real villain of the movie? Prank Sinatra!

It will either be insane or really anticlimactic
Nick Miller, Nick Miller, yo, streets of Chicago. 
This is just the prologue to his zombie novel
Same, and now I can't unhear it.
I got it was Nick Miller eventually, but for a bit I thought it was Badger from Breaking Bad.
It sounds like John Krasinski is the first Spider-Man we see that is fighting Ultimate Green Goblin (I'm guessing) and it's Jake Johnson the rest of the trailer. My guess is that Krasinki is Spider-Man of that universe and gets killed and Miles takes over trained by Johnson Spider-Man and Gwen.
I thought so as well but apparently that wasn't the case
Guess it's Nick from new girl
No, it's pretty [accurate](https://i.imgur.com/Gwdm0v4.jpg).
It did feel a little off... but in all fairness this is a Peter we have never seen before and is probably one of the oldest we have seen him and possibly never left the sort of down on his luck trying to scrape by with photos for the Buggle stage.

None of that matters though cause we need a Schmidt Spider-Man.
Its a different universe. He might not have the currency of that universe. 
It has happened in the comics several times.

He doesn't have pockets in his suit.
I don't know, feels pretty close to the 30-something Peter from the 2000's Amazing comics. 
Peter does this CONSTANTLY in the comics. Usually blaming the suit having no pockets.
Could be, we'll have the the Spidey(possibly John Kransinki) of Miles' universe die heroically, possibly saving Miles, then for reasons of fate, the hobo-Spidey(possibly retired from another universe) lands in Miles' universe to be his sensei. Would also probably explain Spider-Gwen being in the same movie.

The death of Miles' Peter leads to the Spider-verse.
He's a menace for sure
2 seconds later he freaks out and tries to catch all the glass shards, grabbing the last one inches above a baby carriage.
Yeah the Daily Bugle will have a field day with glass shards raining all over the side walk. Like, blowing up glass windows is a typical terrorist attack, at least in popular culture if not reality, and they can roughly pin it on Spiderman?
Look closer after he jumps and you can see another roof a few floors below. I like to think that's where those shards fell 🤷🏽‍♂️
I think they're intentionally lowering the frames per second to make it look more like sharp transitions between comic book panels.
Part of the appeal to me is the limited frame rate. Less reliance on motion blur and probably more traditional smears.
Written by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller
Because Paper Boi >>>>>> The Rock
Agreed.  Spideys rogues gallery is tough to recreate well (in live action) on the big screen too.  To date the Vulture is the only one I can think of that looked great.  The rest have looked pretty campy.
If Sony wants this to be their own Spider-Man universe I am more than happy. Give the live action to Marvel Studios and then play around with your own universe in animation.
Let’s see some of that web action. 
Isn’t Sony animation making this?
Marvel has nothing to do with this film. This is 100% Sony.
> moment with a peter

teehee
They're ending her book this Summer :( so I hope this new animated iteration does justice in continuing the character in a good way. 

None of that "Ghost Spider" renaming shit that Marvel rising is doing, please. 
I really Want To Cry**
I know how you feel, as soon as I saw spider gwen I feel in love with the character. She got such a huge fan following that she has her own comic series now
Both my kids love her, too. Though I think my daughter is really sold on Miles as the best Spiderman ever. 
The comic is titled Spider-Gwen. She goes by Spider-Woman in the stories.
It's a sony production, so sony would cast it. Dove does the marvel voicing in the cartoons and games. 
from only seeing her in agents of shield, her voice doesnt remind me of what a gwen stacy would sound like. (i do realize her character in AoS wasnt supposed to sound anything like gwen)
with contributions from Gravity Falls creator Alex Hirsch! 
I agree. That sounded *exactly* like Krasinski! I feel like I've watched The Office more than enough to recognize that voice.
ISO Joe??
*Jake Johnson
I haven't read comics in a vvery long time, and rarely did when I was trying to get into it.  Recommendations on which comics I should read to catch-up to miles Morales?
r/raimimemes and r/amazingmemes aren't gonna like that.
Spider-Man 2 wants a word with you
Yep, not even a big comic book or animation fan, but this was dope af. That scene of his inverted dive gave me chills. Plus having Nick Miller as old man Spidey is hilarious to me. This is what I imagine hardcore comic book fans see in their head when they read them.
[deleted]
The biggest mistake 3D animation ever made was trying to look real. The Uncanny Valley has tanked so many projects it's a wonder why they kept trying as long as they did. This goes all the way back to *Final Fantasy: Spirits Within* and beyond- realism was treated as the holy grail. Don't get me wrong, realistic 3D animation is an amazing tool that Disney in particular has been making groundbreaking use of, but this film and some other recent ones have really shown the power of embracing being animated.
Just this morning I stumbled across the [Awaken Akira](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iY1QHpp6iEE) video and thought I had seen the most visually striking cinematography I'd see all day.  Boy was I wrong.

The comic-esque quick cuts, spastic action, and beautiful colouring are all fantastic but man that shot of Spidey falling upside down and slowly into the city is breathtaking.
Except this Movie is being directed by 3 different people. Both Lord and Miller are executive producers, and only Lord is credited for writing the screenplay.

While I'm sure they had a hand in the visual identity of the film, the two of them aren't the only ones responsible for making the movie look the way it does
Yeah that would be my best guess too
At least looks better than the choppy 3D anime that I have so much trouble enjoying for whatever reason. They do the lower frame rate for a similar reason, and it just doesn't jive well with me, but this does.
Spiderman is known for breaking 4th wall
Deadpool is honestly just exaggerated 'adult humor' Spiderman. His design is even just an unused Spiderman design.
Thanks a lot. That's super odd, seems like it may be tough to transition that to the big screen, but I guess we'll see!
Also The Lego Movie 2
> Sometimes you ~~learn~~ earn more from your failures than a success.


ftfy
Venom,silver and black,nightwatch,and morbius
Amazing!
Miles in the comics also has some kind of biotic stinger blast that's one shot nearly everyone he's used it on. So he's got that going for him.


Miles is definitely a step below Parker in the comics, but is strong in his own right.
DC animation has been pretty good as well. They've dived off a cliff these most recent few, but still much better than marvel animation. 
>  The best X-Men movies of the past several years are the ones who dropped any sense of continuity and just did their own thing.

i mean, arguably the best x men movie was the one with the MOST continuity of the bunch: days of future past. all the other recent ones have tried to tie in the movies: the wolverine directly working off x men 3, origins having cylopse and xaveir appear, logan having xavier and talking lenghty about the x men, deadpool directly adressing the other x men movies, and deadpool 2 having the actual x men in them. 

x men apocalipse and first class are the most standalone of the bunch.
GIVE ME THE VERSION OF BATMAN FROM FLASHPOINT PARADOX
Except for in that one universe, where a regular spider gets bitten by a radioactive Pig.
I wanna go there
God, the low frame rate attempt to mimic atop motion + the comic book style textures and shading + Carnage's weird goopy tendrils would be *so* unnerving. It would be a perfect fit
Idk, but people don't seem to actually know what gwenpool is or is like. Shit even outside her comic but within marvel, she's misrepresented terribly (SELFIES LOL)
Especially since Gwenpool isn't in the Spider-Verse storyline.

Then again, this doesn't seem to be following the Spider-Verse storyline. 
for those who don't know gwenpool is [from our universe or one like it where this is all comics and movies etc. She has found herself stuck in the marvel universe and got a costume so not to become an extra. I think the comic started because of a  cover variant that was a joke at spidergwen and it became  popular enough for its own comic.](#spoiler)
it's spider-verse so I doubt it as well. Gotta be spider related, not Peter Parker related I assume?
Gwenpoole isn't Gwen Stacy at all.

She literally supposed to be aome chick from "real world Earth" who got stuck in a comic.  She is closer to Deadpool than Spider Gwen or Gwen Stacy.  
Gwendolyn Poole aka gwenpool just shares the name with Gwendolyn Stacy. It's not the same character.


Gwen Stacy is only a superhero on Earth-65, on that earth she gets bit by the spider instead and Peter becomes Lizard 
Infinity War made me want to get into comics and the Gwenom stuff was awesome. I'm hopefully picking up the three latest issues today. The Gwenom collected volume really leaves off on a cliffhanger. 
Yeah at first it was a bit jarring, but I'll give Jake Johnson a chance. I'm just happy to see a fully grown Peter Parker in a movie.
But you give him Spidey he got you Spidey
I wonder what Peter does to embarrass him in front of Vanessa.
I'd kill for any of the netflix characters to get screen time in a movie.
Vulture in the comics doesn't have robot wings, and Fury was a white dude. Wouldn't be that difficult. They already did it with Michael Clarke Duncan. 
He supposedly is.
Morlun is the reason for the spidey verse colloding, so I wouldn't be surprised if he isn't in it. 
Nah I think he's a loose cannon
Never tell him the odds!
Also, we all know that fathers of superheroes are known for their remarkable durability and long lives...
Wash :( 
I'm gonna go with "his dad intentionally unlocked it for him so that he could embarrass him even further."
Had some friends who’s dad used to be a cop and took them around on shift. They left the doors open when they drove around
/r/watchpeopledieinside
To be fair, The Emoji Movie never looked any good.

Also The Emoji Movie was made in like, a year and a half.

For context, most Pixar movies take around 5 to 6 years.
Has lord and miller attached to it. That's enough for me. They did cloudy with a chance of meatballs. The Lego movie, and the jump streets. It's a good track record. 
I'll try spinning a web! That's a good trick!
And Spiderham.
TIL Spider-man had a megazord.
He is in the [Spider Verse](https://i.imgur.com/q87NmCm.jpg) comic
Dude, if Supaida\-Man and his crazy ass giant robot show up I'm actually going to lose my shit in the theater. 
I am now in tears because of his ["transformations"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8pYfCtNPzA)
Change Leopardon!
Superior would be rad.

Fucking pumped for Spider Gwen, though. Now that I think about it, [this movie looks sorta like a Spider Gwen comic.](http://www.chasingamazingblog.com/wp-content/uploads/Spider-Gwen-1-04.jpg)
And SP//DR. I need my Eva reference
They’d be insane not to use the scarlet spider. Fuck, lets get all the clones in there. Skin isn’t doing much these days.
Miguel O’Hara is a beast.
I thought he was Kraven's Man-Cheeta?,
J Jonah: WHERE ARE MY PICTURES OF SPIDERMAN, PARKER?
*WHERE'S THE VULTURE, PARKER??!!*
I can see why it would turn people off but I like it - I love the way they're pushing things in terms of the animation to help it stand out and give a tonal impression. Will everything work? Nah, but I appreciate them trying, and for me it really hits the sweet spot.
I agree with you, although in some scenes looked a bit too strong. And just a little correction, the term is "chromatic *aberration*"
I'm not a fan of the way they used it. Waaaaay overdone!
*aberration.
I am living for this style, and it’s a big reason intrested. 
Could that not be used for an aesthetic reason? Like, it seems that the film is going for a multiple reality type thing, so if you have the realities bleed together, you do need some way to represent it, no?
"Why would I *wash* a *towel*? The towel washes *me* — you gotta think here, man"
I read that in Nick's voice. 
Chronicles.  Pepperwood Chronicles  :-D
Maybe one day we can see Jake Johnson actually play the lead in a Pepperwood movie. 
The Spider-Man fighting Goblin, or whoever, is skinnier and looks more athletic than the one with Miles.

My guess is they do the death of Peter Parker thing at the beginning of the movie and then Miles gets his powers, and then Spider-Verse stuff with the new Peter.
IMDB doesn't Krasinski in credits for this movie, and there's no mention on Krasinki's page.
It was fake info, it would've been great tho :(
[Here is some more poor Spidey](https://i.imgur.com/ThqkTwP.jpg)
Holy shit. I haven't really looked at comics very closely since I became an adult and an artist myself. I was never interested in comics as a kid but looking at this excerpt here, the coloring and attention to detail for *just one page* is phenomenal. 

Just the time spent drawing the individual knots in the webbed holding for the kid, these artists must have been incredibly passionate for their work. 
Man, Hickmans run of the FF was so good. I love it whenever writers have spidey acting like a sage for newer heroes.
He also most likely fell out of his original universe so....cut him some slack here with the currency haha.
Spending his free time catching [youths](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oC45CC1s-0).
Lol a Schmidt Spider-Man would be awesome but of the New Girl cast, Winston would make the best Spider-Man. He’s already got the crime fighting down cause he’s a cop and he’d make a hilariously awkward Peter Parker.
I mean he IS in another universe. He probably just forgot that his money won't work there.
He doesnt even have currency of his own universe most of the time in the comics
I want pictures of him! 
Well now I wanna see *your* movie, too.
And then there's a note next to the window saying he's sorry and that he'll pay for the replacement.
It also gives kind of a stop\-motion feel to it. Like it reminds me of Laika films.
Limited frame rate is fine, but it looks like it varies from scene to scene
Don't understand why they were hired to do Solo ~~and then fired.~~ Like, why would you hire these guys for that movie? Their talents are much better used on this movie.

EDIT: My incredulity is more about why they were hired in the first place, not why they were fired.
Paper does in fact beat rock
All about that Paper Boi
Bryan Tyree Henry is wonderful and I hope he continues to rise
If this was MCU that would make him Donald Glover’s brother. 
Doc Ock looked great!
See ya, live action.
Are you telling me that we are in a Spider-man thread on r/movies and I can't shit on Sony?
Miles is his #2. He couldn't care less about Peter.

Which kind of stings as Peter Parker was my favourite superhero growing up. At least it's still Spidey.
Wait, really?
NUT
NICE!
Motherfucker, my hype levels just shot through the roof. 
“That dude is gonna have to win like five Oscars before people stop calling him ‘Jim from the Office’” - my buddy when I asked him if he saw that new movie directed by Jim from the Office.
Y’all buggin. That sounds nothing like Krasinski. 
That's definitely not Krasinski
Holy shit. Never knew /r/amazingmemes existed. That is a weird place.
Every frame looks like it could be one of those digital style Wallpapers
It's something that Disney/Pixar and Dreamworks realized, I think. They make the characters believable but obviously cartoonish, even in grounded movies. It is far easier to get into it that way than when they look like weird wax CGI versions of real people.
Even many “cartoony” 3D animated films do seemingly nothing that couldn’t feasibly be done equally in live action with CG.  From this trailer alone there are several things that constrain it strictly to the world of animation, and it looks gorgeous and immersive.
I think they had to go as far as possible with realistic animation in order to learn how much to cut from it. This movie is INCREDIBLY detailed, but we wouldn't have gotten here without pushing as much "realism" (life-like motions, life-like details, life-like physics, etc.) without learning which of it to take away.
Video games have this same problem imo. Back in the day, video games couldn’t look, realistic, so they didn’t try to, and because of it they had unique and catchy art styles. Nowadays, everyone is going for photorealistic, and the games that stand out to me are the ones that don’t try to imitate life but instead use the medium to their advantage. 
My brother is one of the people making it look the way it does, and I couldn't be more proud of him!!

EDIT: [Link to his instagram, @theokartist](https://www.instagram.com/theokartist/)

Edit boogaloo: Oh, and he's on here too. Paging /u/theOKartist
This probably has a considerably larger budget. Notice how Guilty Gear does something similar but it’s extremely labor intensive to get the beautiful final product we see.
There's a reason the two of them are often put together.
The above is true, but his design is also riffing of of [DC's Deathstroke](https://comicnewbies.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/deathstroke-vs-soldiers-of-the-regime-injustice-gods-among-us-5.png) as Deadpool is basically satirical rip off Slade Wilson, hence Deadpools name being Wade Wilson.
It should translate pretty well, as in the comics the spaces between threads are often shown as windows/doors to different universes. And it's physically in a place so they don't have to do any weird "floating through the portal" stuff. Just show the blue portal being open and then entering, then exiting through another blue portal. Or if they want to fluff it up have them walk to another section of the web and jump in.
Silver and Black just got removed from Sony's schedule thank god

A Morbius solo is an awful idea
Wow, that's a lot.
I think you and I may define continuity a little differently. *Logan* and both *Deadpool* movies used characters, actors, and details from the other X-Men movies as they felt was necessary, but they didn't make any effort to make their stories "fit" into any larger continuity. All the movies are pulling from the same toolbox, but I think the franchise is past the point of pretending all the films are canon to each other. 
yeah, I also don't think she'd be covered under Sony's use since this one is more segregated from the rest of Marvel Cinematic. Makes me think that they can probably only use spider-assetts.
I think it was that there was a month where a bunch of alternate covers were Gwen Stacy themed and for Deadpool they made a joke about combining two popular things, which resulted in Gwenpool

That said, the Gwenpool ongoing was legitimately great and better than Spider-Gwen and most Deadpool books
Despite this, she prefers Spider-Man to Deadpool. 
Call him fat in the nerdiest way possible
Its a good thing Wilson is so calm and understanding when that happens.
Well, maybe not Danny Rand, the immortal Iron Fist, protector of K'un\-Lun and sworn enemy of the Hand.
Spider-Man would probably be the best fit for them to star in because he's way more street level than the rest of the Avengers. 
Ugh they had such a great opportunity to have one of the Defenders show up in a post credit scene of IW
At least he plays by the rules though....right?
[deleted]
Like a leaf on the wind.
Evil mastermind right there 
I'm also gonna go with "this is in an alternate universe and if they can change it to 'Koca Soda' they can change how police cruisers are made"
[This](https://xkcd.com/1870/) pretty well sums up my anticipation for The Emoji movie before it was released.
Don't forget about Clone High. 
This is where the **Pizza Time** begins.
[AND LEOPARDON](https://i.imgur.com/s42VFT9.jpg)
His megazord was actually the original, too 
LEOPARDON! 
"How can we make Spiderman more Japanese?"

Let's add a

#GIANT

#FREAKING

#MEGAZORD
Kinda suprised it's not more "Spider"-ey though. No blue and red? Looks like he nicked it from a random Power Ranger team.
He featured in a recent story (actually almost 4 years ago now, goddamn) and it was fucking amazing.
everyone in Japan has a megazord
That's fucking AWESOME
Why is there so much emphasis on the zipper you'll never see?
Japanese Spider-Man had the best run!
I forgot that Spider-Gwen steered way into the Wire references for awhile. That comic is so dope.
I didn't realize Peni Parker was an Eva reference. I just looked back and the similarities in SP//DR were much more clear. Thanks for this!
Totally.  It gave it a pulpy look, like in the old comics when the coloring didn't quite match the ink lines, you know?  That with the narration, and the general framing of the thing gave it a very old school vibe on top of a lot of fresh new ideas and characters that still all felt like Spidey to me.  I'm freaking out. Sorry.  That was good.
I could see it being valid in both cases; purely aesthetics to bring the comic book style into motion, but also to hint or emphasize important events.

The issue is likely going to be the duration and the extent they use the effect. I looked at the poster and it was fairly rough on the eyes in places where there isn't enough noise/grain (specifically the text).
“WHEN I WAS 9 I SAW MY MOTHER SLEEPING AND I PUT S LEMON IN HER MOUTH”

“WHEN I WAS 11 I PUT ON MY GIRL COUSINS WOOL TIGHTS **AND I DIDNT HATE THE WAY IT FELT**”
This is my favorite nick line. Gets me everytime. 
COMING OUT OF THE WOODWORD!
Thin crust pizza? No thank you, I’m from Chicago!
He's seen a lot of dead dogs
True.  Grizzled Parker could be the 616 one and the athletic Parker is the Ultimate Spider-Man killed in the books.  After all, Ultimate Spider-Man started his gig at a younger age.
It sounds like it's almost the exact plot of the Spider-Men line of comics. If it is, [I'm wondering what they'll do with Ganke Lee, since Ned in Homecoming is clearly based off of him. Or if there'll be an appearance from Mysterio](#spoiler).
there were rumors about it a few months ago. Maybe they’re keeping it secret as Chris Miller says on twitter there are more to be revealed 
I've seen this before, but can't remember where it's from. What arc is this? I'd love to read it. 


lol @ wolverine
Whats that from?
Thank Todd mcfarlane for making spidey's webbing more visceral, and everyone else since then being like "wow that's a good idea!"

Early 90s and prior spidey's webs were very cartoonish but Todd wanted them to be more rope like, and his black suit run made it very popular when he did covers.
Get. Out. There! Check out the Saga series, Monstress. There's more, and I'm sure someone here can recommend some others. 
You could check out [this](https://orcstain.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/orcstain008-02-03.jpg). It's from Orc Stain by James Stokoe and overall his artwork is just jam packed with detail. Looking at [stuff like this](https://orcstain.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/giantsize21.jpg) is have no idea how he does it.

He also did a Godzilla comic and an Alien comic called Dead Orbit. He's one of my favorites.
That's what I was thinking. Does Spidey keep money on him in costume? If so, how do we even know it's legal currency in this new world?
Nah I think it’s the Ultimate universe judging by the monstrous Green Goblin. Movie will most likely climax around Peter’s death like in the comics. Maybe that’s where an Uncle Ben situation plays out for Miles.
[Did you say youts?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWQJmeUq1fM&feature=youtu.be&t=16s)
Think of the pranks!
Peter Parker has to live in Manhattan to be closest to the busiest part of New York. He’d never save anyone if he had to commute to bank robberies, and the cost of living in Manhattan is astronomically high. Especially for a pizza delivery boy / freelance newspaper photographers. 
But, sir, this is a poetry class... 
It's very x rated, but when I finish, it's a deal.  
With a PS that says he's not actually sure how much a window costs and he's not Tony Stark or nothing but if it's like a hundred or less he can stretch it.
But he has no money, so he has to take a job as a janitor on a college

When he walks down the halls cleaning, he solves equations on blackboards that hangs around
Which I am really digging! 
Yeah. I was skipping through some frames in an action sequence and it looks like a lot of motion effects/smears are drawn in. Pretty cool.
My guess is that their ad-libbing took too much of the piss on the Star Wars franchise to Lucasfilm's liking and veered too far from standard Star War's tone, hence the redo.
Just a little rock, paper, scissors joke for ya
WHAT THE HELL?!
Well it's not live action, so maybe, just maybe, they won't fuck this up. 

That said, I fully expect Venom to fully suck.
[Really!](https://screenrant.com/animated-spider-man-movie-alex-hirsch/)
First of all there's only one Oscar Jim cares about, and second idk why your friend thinks a golden statue of a naked man is going to make a difference. [He ***IS*** Jimothy Halpert.]( https://imgur.com/lw2SQgG)
I remember people getting upset when he did the ice bucket challenge with his wife and it wasn't Pam lol
Hell I can't picture any one else banging Jenna Fischer
They're crap. Crap. Crap. Mega crap.
it's also a lot easier to put emotion on to characters that are over the top rather than realistic. 
Is it the red suit?
Unfortunately they are just delaying silver and black because they are rewriting it
Well, yeah.  It was written by Chris Hastings, of [Dr. McNinja](http://drmcninja.com/) fame.
Pete:  "I'm surprised I can see you."  
Fisk:  "Why?"  
Pete:  "I didn't think light could escape from anything that dense."

You are so fat,you sweat marshmallows
I donno, he did punch a dragon in the heart. And fucked Renly Baratheon.
Are you talking about Danny Rand, immortal Iron Fist, protector of K'un-Lun and sworn enemy of the hand, of Rand Enterprises?
Don't act like it wouldn't be rad to see him and Spidey fight ninjas or kingpin. Espcially when they give him his full iron fist power.
Yeah, but it also makes sense what they showed so they can connect captain marvel to IW2.
Oh he plays by the rules all right.  

His own rules.
No and he hasn't had a partner since his first partner was killed on the job.
No way, he thinks rules were made to be broken.
Black guys never die first though.
"Even when they're replaced your blood with liquid spider venom and graphed adamanium scales onto your bullet-ridden body, your true weakness is still love, Father."  
-Every comic ever
A true case of r/policebrotality
It's also what Wade had in Ready Player One book instead of Iron Giant.
[Oh, he's in there my man](https://imgur.com/a/AVlpqLb)
This was actually the first Giant Robot Toei made for their programs in Japan. After Spider-Man, they started adding them to Super Sentai (which became Power Rangers in America). 
It's a fantastic comic if you read the entire thing. Lots of spider-men. And spider-women. And spider-children.


If you do read the comic though, be prepared for a lot of spiderpeople to be killed off though, and a lot of them just for shock value or to show how tough the villains are (the thing I dislike most about the run, which should have been more of a celebration of Spider-Man's history imo). The worst one I feel is [spoiler](#s "the cast of the Spider-Man and his amazing friends cartoon being slaughtered") or [spoiler](#s "the same happening to the Spider-Man from the hostess fruit pie ad comics")


[Shinji, Rei, Asuka, and Kaworu make cameos as well.](https://www.japanator.com/ul/33135-/SPDR03-620x.jpg)
I'm gonna grab some old underpants and put a pair into the freezer for each of you.
Probably not 616. Probably just some random Peter that stumbles into Miles’ universe.
Gobby is listed as TBD, too, so if he's involved he could be anyone.
Jonathan Hickman's Avengers/New Avengers run that culminates in Secret Wars, definitely worth reading.
Jonathan Hickman's Avengers/New Avengers run that culminates in Secret Wars, definitely worth reading.
inb4 spidey gets busted for tax fraud.
When Peter had his original black symbiote costume it featured the ability to access "storage portals", essentially pockets of unlimited space where he could store and retrieve his camera, cash, etc. His power suite was pretty ridiculous in comparison to normal Spidey.
It's a classic Parker-Bishop messaround!
That’s why he’s gotta web sling in, its a quicker commute from Forest Hills, Queens considering how shit the F can be. 


Plus he doesn’t need to worry about Manhattan.  That has more heroes per capita than anywhere else in the Marvel universe short of Westchester.  So he probably polices Brooklyn/Queens unless he’s college aged, at which case he’s in Greenwich Village at Empire Statue University/NYU, though the movies had him in Morningside Heights at Columbia.  
THEN WRITE ME POEMS OF SPIDER-MAN!
Here’s the twist, and there is a twist. We show all of it. I’m talking full penetration. 
Yeah, I am not shocked or surprised or wondering at all why they were fired. I'm wondering who hired them in the first place. I think they're incredibly talented, but it's like hiring Pablo Picasso to be your lead programmer for your software company. Their talent isn't the kind you're looking for.
Just make sure you print enough pamphlets. Again paper beat rock.
You're Trash, Brock.
I've been off the Sony hate train for a while now. Sure they made the Emoji Movie and Dark Tower but they also gave us Baby Driver and Jumanji and this. Who knows, Venom might be surprisingly good. Every studio has its hits and misses.
That article says Peter Parker was first portrayed by Andrew Garfield. How dare they forget about the legendary performance by Toby Maguire! 

Toby's spiderman movies were better than Andrew's. 
He’s already won too many Dundies to count
What's silver and black?
[Close enough](https://imgur.com/2accgk0.jpg)
I don't know which one of those accomplishments is manlier. 
No, I believe he died in a plane crash as a kid, we’re talking about Danny Rand, immortal iron fist, protector of k’un-lun, and sworn enemy of the hand. 
It totally would, but I don't think there's enough time in the 2 hours they're allotted to tell a story and explain he's the Immortal Iron Fist, protector of K'un-Lun, and sworn enemy of the Hand.
I *knew* that name sounded familiar!
I can see why they changed it; trying to explain it in a timely manner would have been really hard.
/r/UnexpectedPrequelMemes
Sometimes I’m scared I don’t know how to read, I’ve just memorized a lot of words
I heard all of Hickman’s writing is phenomenal 
Only Yoshi gets busted for tax fraud
>That’s why he’s gotta web sling in, its a quicker commute from Forest Hills, Queens considering how shit the F can be.  
  
Former Queens resident here, this is the god damn truth.
AND I WANT THEM FINISHED BEFORE YOU START!


*Spider-Man, Spider-Man,*

*Does whatever a Spider can*

*Is he cool, listen bud*

*He's got radioactive blood*
Kathleen Kennedy would have had the final word, so it's on her, and probably because someone looked at Lord & Miller's box office numbers and knew that they wanted to make Solo a comedy.

The problem is that Lucasfilm is too restrictive in what they want their movies to be like, but I'm sure KK and the others were looking at those box office returns and swallowing their tongue about production until it was far too late.

**EDIT:** I think it's also fair to point out that none of the producers on Solo ever produced a comedy before, and all have seen to be attached to big budget blockbusters prior with more serious tones (Hunger Games, Jurassic Park, Harry Potter, etc) so I think on that level, it was the wrong team for the project.
Now dig on this!
Excuse me?
Venom is also written by the person that wrote the film adaptation for Fifty Shades of Grey


Take that as you will 
Better by a wide margin too. Shame he only did two. 
Black cat and silver sable
It would be manlier if it been one of the other Baratheon brothers
Wait, I didn't get that, who is Danny Rand?
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one!
I don't believe that dinosaurs existed. I've seen the science, I don't believe it.
It really is. Pretty dense and he doesn't mind letting you be confused for a bit but when it all starts wrapping up together, it's so worth it.
AND BEFORE YOU FINISH, GET ME SOME COFFEE!
Crap. Crap. Mega-Crap.

Pay the man. 
I think Kathleen Kennedy's approach to Star Wars is going to kill the franchise (for a while, anyway). She wants the Marvel release schedule but without the Marvel diversity. Every Star Wars movie has to feel the same and have the same kind of characters. 

People are getting sick of these grand, serious but just a little lighthearted space adventures every year and Solo proves that people won't go to a movie just because it's Star Wars. Give us something that's just dumb fun or something that's serious all the way through. Give us characters that aren't just the wisecracking uberconfident pilots and space samurai. 

People need diverse stories to stick with a franchise that releases a movie a year indefinitely. 
What about Miles Morales? Did you dig on him? DID YOU?!
The people who directed Infinity War also directed You, Me, and Dupree. I still don’t think that Venom will be that good but I don’t think that is a good measure. 
I mean, it's at least better than the book...?
Kelly Marcel is a really talented writer. Credits are credits, sure. But she has written for a ton of great movies that she wasn’t credited for. That’s just the nature of Hollywood screenwriting and WGA arbitration. 
Ok, that makes sense.  Does seem weird that they wanna do all these offshoots that most people probably haven't heard of.
1. The Immortal Iron Fist

2. Protector of K'un-Lun

3. Sworn enemy of the Hand
Germs cannot exist in a body that is 65% beer!
#PARKEEEEEERRRRR!!!!
Did you...see Solo? It's pretty different while still being Star Wars. Actually, Rogue One was also very different from standard Start Wars tone and characters. So I think the whole thing about the Stories franchise being spin offs is exactly what you're asking for.
They're doing all of these off-shoots  as a "fuck you" to Disney
Still not getting it

*awkward moonwalk*
