oh my gawd! There’s a bang at the door!
I used to think that the original movie had the line 

"Why are you doing this to us? 

Because you're a ho."

----

Haha, it still makes sense though.
I'm confused why they're making a sequel to The Strangers like ten years after the fact. It isn't like the brand is particularly unique in any way. There have been like half a dozen horror films about a home invasion since then (You're Next, the first Purge, Hush, I think Eli Roth had one too a few years back) that are basically the exact same premise. Is there really much nostalgia or interest in The Strangers in particular?
I'm surprised that The Strangers is so well remembered to warrant a sequel, if I'm honest. I semi-remember it as a by-the-numbers horror film elevated by a decent visual design and nice performances all round, but otherwise the kind of Halloween film that you've all but forgotten by Christmas. 
Wow, this actually made it out of development hell. It even looks like it's using the same script that got leaked to the imdb boards a few years ago.

The trailer looks alright, for the most part. I'm excited.
A glitching version of I Think We're Alone Now for the trailer? 10 Cloverfield Lane already did that, and better. 
At first this looked like exact same as the original movie but with more characters. Then the super weird and jarring tonal change in the middle of the trailer threw me off. I'm very confused about what this movie is trying to be.
[deleted]
A sequel to The Strangers? Wasn't expecting that. I liked the original. Pretty scary. This could be good.
The last 5 seconds got me, i’ll admit. 

I liked the first one. Any horror that doesn’t involve a doll/ghost/demon is one i’ll try, though I wonder if this’ll fall more into a torture porn category.
It kinda looks like it’s gonna be hot garbage. 

Hope I’m wrong! 
I really liked the Strangers. Pretty stoked they're making a second one finally.
You know one person with a nice Semi-Auto 45 would end a lot of these movies.
I remember reading the script like 5 years ago. Most of the action looks familiar, but the main girl was supposed to be much younger (like 10) which added to the creepiness. There was also an opening teaser that I'm really, really hoping they cut.
The Strangers: The Resurrection of the Golden God
Looks like it's going to be a solid horror film, but a terrible sequel to the original. 
[deleted]
Thank you for the suggestion. I watched both and I loved your next. Time to see it again.
Sorry I'm replying so late to this, but I just saw the trailer last night.

I loved the first one. The protagonists were not the most survival savvy, but what made the movie creepy was the mysterious, cult-like nature of the villains.  Just knowing that that group is still out there, preying on innocent people for unknown reasons would make me shudder.

According to IMDB, Gemma Ward won't be in this, which usually is not a good sign.  I'll see it anyway, though.
if i figured it right like usual, its going to be "oh were fighting the bad guys back" and it will end with the people winning in the end or its going to be the same, but at the last moment the bad guys win by some silly chance. 
I can't wait for more scary people lurking in the background behind oblivious characters, for the sole purpose of scaring an omniscient viewer.
I don't particularly get why this movie warranted any kind of sequel. I never personally liked the movie but the ending I can admit was creepy enough to set an eerie tone. The first movie was a good representation that sometimes less is good and that you don't need to bog it down.

This trailer seems to be just be the typical appeal to a fan service of the group and their looks and a blatant cash grab to re-capture that  same feeling.


The trailer is the best part.

The actual movies pretty bad. 

Oh wait this is a new one, well I hope they make it less boring and bland than the first. 
okay so they show the dude loading a gun, so we know he has a gun, we also see them look at a guy standing outside their house on wheels with an axe, that motherfucker gets a warning shot near his feet and if he walks away you dont  kill him if he keep standing you shoot him. but this movie they will be all like "sir could you please go away." fuck this movie and fuck the first one as well that shit suck balls 
[removed]
All I can think of is YMS' review 
Let's look at Insidious 4 as an example. It cost 10 million to make, and made 50 million worldwide in its first weekend. So it doubled the number it needed to hit to be profitable in one week.

My guess for Strangers 2 budget would be 8 million, meaning it would have to make 16 million to be "profitable", something it can probably do opening weekend. Every week after that is just gravy.
> I think Eli Roth had one too a few years back

You came on to me! What was I supposed to do? You sucked my cock, you both fucking sucked my cock! It was FREE PIZZA! Free fuckin' pizza!
I'm in my late twenties, and I think a lot of people around my age remember it very fondly.  I personally remember it as an entirely generic home invasion movie, but I've had a quite a few friends say the original is the only movie that ever actually scared them.
IT
The Strangers is regarded as one of the best modern horror films and having that name attached is going to attract people that may have overlooked it as just another home invasion film. Seems a pretty easy way to make a few extra bucks marketing wise.
Does "The Collector" count? I think "The Guest" could count too.
That's basically exactly what it is, but I think for a lot of people it was like their first home invasion film, so it seems to have a decent cult following among newer or non-fans of the genre who hadn't seen anything better by that point.

There's a French movie called Ils that came out two years before with a very similar premise and it was *much* better.
I love horror movies, and somehow did not watch THE STRANGERS until about a year ago. I think what stuck out for me, was how real it could be. Nothing supernatural, nothing too crazy. Like, this could really happen.
People *hated* that movie when it came out, at least in the hardcore horror community. There was one scene I enjoyed but otherwise I was with that crowd, came off like a try-too-hard half assed knock at the home invasion genre and when you've already seen films like Funny Games it's not very effective.

I can understand why more casual moviegoers enjoyed it, but the execution was shit. 
All I remember is Dennis getting a headshot to the dome.
I think the first two acts are quite good. I really like when Speedman's character leaves to get cigarettes and Liv Tyler's character is alone in the house. That entire sequence was really well done. Once Speedman's friend is killed, I think the movie becomes a bit unfocused. The characters make dumb decisions and it all becomes a bit aimless (character runs over here, gets messed with, rinse, repeat). The strangers ended up messing with the characters too much whereas I would have preferred the 3rd act to be less of a game and more of a fight for survival.
[Its Always Sunny in the Strangers: Dennis gets shot in the face](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3C2PF-QiMtM)
There seems to be a pretty good market for those kind of movies, I guess a lot of people just like really schlocky horror movies. 
IDK why so many posters here have a problem with tonal shifts. That's the exact thing that makes the trailer seem good to me. You can tell it's not taking itself seriously and it seems like it's going to be more along the lines of You're Next or The Guest, which is typically the best way to do a slasher.
Same. This looks more like a new purge movie than the strangers. 
It looks like they try at first to fit the tone of the first film, but the script for the sequel was much more self aware and "fun" as sequels usually are. 
but this is the tiffany version so new song /s
The only version that matters is Tiffany.
Got a link by chance?
Saying something is "based on true events" is probably the laziest catchall in the genre. Don't think too much about it.
Well you see, once there were people who were at a home in the woods and then they died, and so this movie is based off of those events which may or may not have happened, but for the sake of the film, definitely happened.
I thought it was based on the Charles Manson murders
So you have a brick just laying around so that you can break people's faces with it?
It's a movie their not real, the actors are not actually people who hurt others.

Plus doesn't that make you a hypocrite if you want to break people's faces?
Honestly I don't know why they're still making Insidious movies too since I don't know anybody that's particularly into that franchise. They're profitable, obviously, but there's no fandom from what I can see. Saw and Paranormal Activity were huge things in their time. Insidious just seems to... keep happening.
As terrible as Knock Knock was, we got Ana De Armas and Lorenza Izzo in a bathtub.  So it forever gets a pass from me for that.  
I´m in my 30s and really liked that movie. It was fun.
I remember laughing at that movie as a teen. The whole theater was laughing at it, actually.
I’m in my early thirties and I remember back in college we would watch the shit out of The Strangers. It essentially lived in our DVD player for an entire semester
Yeah that poor clown/inter-dimensional horror was just trying live his life before those kids broke in and fucked him up.
it was ok... until liv tyler woke up at the end. then it felt like a cliche horror film.
[deleted]
I have no idea what The Collector is, but The Guest is more a classic slasher with plenty of reverence towards Halloween. I'm thinking specifically a movie where people are trapped in a house and creepy people in masks lay siege to them.
I have no idea what The Collector is, but The Guest is more a Halloween clone. I'm thinking specifically a movie where people are trapped in a house and creepy people in masks lay siege to them.
The Collector was a shit spray of a movie.
First home invasion film?

Did you not see Home Alone?
Its horror for non-horror fans. If you've seen much of the genre the tropes that are ever-present are pretty stale and the jump startles are less than impressive. 
What was the French film called?
I wouldn't say Ils is *much* better, but it is better. I felt the characters were way dumber in Ils, or at the very least equal to the characters in The Strangers. When things got intense, they made quite a bit of noise when they're supposed to sneak around. It's also a film where the identity of the home invaders will make or break the film. The very end was great, but what lead up to it in the third act was just okay.

Overall, it is better than The Strangers, but if The Strangers was a 5/10, Ils is about a 6.5/10. It has great moments throughout, but I felt it didn't come together as well as I hoped it would (I'm in the didn't care for the identity of the home invaders camp).
Good job just having spoilers right there man.
> You're Next or The Guest

Which are great movies 
LOL you don't have a house with bricks in your room? What do you think your house is made of? I guess you are the kind of person that thinks The Strangers are "cool" because they kill people and hurt others.
Horror is the only genre that is also its own star.  They don't need to be in franchises, have popular actors, or amazing directors. All they need is a trailer with a couple jump scares. Insidious meets the "couple jump scares" criteria.
> They’re profitable, obviously 

Well, uh... there it is
Why?  Because they make money. Why wouldnt they keep making them?  Who cares about fandom when you can crank out cookie cutter money makers.  
"I don't know why they are still making Insidious movies" "... they're profitable"
If you haven't seen them, check out You're Next and Hush, as u/BlueHighwindz mentioned.  They're both twists on the subgenre that I really enjoyed
Yes it is. You may not like it, but The Strangers is highly regarded among horror fans and it features on almost any list of best modern horror;

*https://film.avclub.com/the-25-best-horror-movies-since-2000-1798285725

*http://www.audienceseverywhere.net/100-horror-2000s-lists/4/ (ranked 19th)

*http://bloody-disgusting.com/editorials/3462178/best-horror-movies-time-2000s/ (probably the most reliable horror site)

Pretty much every list of best modern horror features The Strangers.
Better than most of the Saw sequels though. And that's coming from a Saw fan.
I'm a huge horror fan and it's one of my favorite horror films. I think it's just come to be a lot more appreciated now. 
Totally agreed, I always just hesitate to use that term because I've seen people get really defensive about it aha.

I found that The Strangers starts off okay but gets repetitive by the halfway point when it stops using any new scare tactics. The ones it uses are fine and were clearly okay for a mainstream audience but I think horror fans need a bit more oomph some of the time and The Strangers was just a bit too sedate. 

The top comment in this thread complains about the trailers tonal shift and I think that illustrates the divide. >_> 
Ils, which translates to Them. It's an annoying title to google.
Lmao you'll get over it
[deleted]
Not sure about that guy but my house is not made out of bricks (At least not on the outside or the walls.

And what the hell was with that accusation? 
If we going to get sequels spammed on us they need to bring back the icons.
Huge horror fan too, Strangers is pretty mediocre all around. From people falling down in chase scenes to the killers doing things only to menace the audience, it's riddled with cliches.
I feel like if you watched it for the first time at night while home alone, it would scare the shit out of you. That alone justifies a sequel, in my opinion. More scary, watch at night and possibly shit yourself fun. Nothing crazy. That’s all it should be looked at as, in my opinion. A fun and/or thrilling ride, depending on the viewing environment.
I've seen it, when it came out in theaters, but there is a spoiler text used here for a reason.
You can tell it's not taking itself seriously...  ...which is typically the best way to do a slasher.

i dont think he comments on the quality of the movies 

Well, everybody has different opinions. It's one of the only movies that scares me to this day.
its not really needed in the trailer for the sequel, would you spoiler tag a new hope spoilers in the empire strikes back trailer? 

> one of the only movies that scares me to this day.

I find it hard to be scared of situations where anyone who isn't a complete and total idiot would be totally fine. [Guy had a loaded shotgun and still messed it up. He knows the bad guys are skilled teleporters, they're camping outside the house, and he just runs out into the open by himself](#spoiler) That kind of incompetence is just comical, its like a scene straight from Scary Movie. 
Yes, that's why there is a spoilers tag.  How hard is that to understand?
Again, everybody has different opinions. Not everything that scares me is gonna scare you. 
because people want to discuss the sequel with information from the first one. why would you look at comments for the sequel expecting people not to be talking about the original for a sequel? 
I'm not sure why you think that is important if you're going to down vote every opinion that isn't just like yours. Its still an extremely generic horror movie with no originality or characters, and laughably incompetent protagonists. 
Because it's a decade later and there are probably, I'd wager, quite a few people that never seen the original.  There is also nothing indicating this is a sequel.  

All I'm saying is having blatant spoilers in the conversation shouldn't happen. 
 I'm not downvoting you for having a different opinion, I'm down voting you for acting like my opinion is stupid. And you think that, doesn't make it true. 
blatant spoilers are part of a discussion. if you cant be part of a rational discussion for a sequel without being worried about spoilers then don't look at the comments. would you be upset if you went into avengers trailer comments and got mad because someone mentioned iron man 1 spoilers? the same things apply here. Just because someone doesn't know its a sequel, doesnt mean other people shouldnt discuss the original. How can you not see how unreasonable of a request that is.
Or maybe stay off the discussion about a movie you haven’t seen.
