One-by-one Will Arnett will end up voicing every character from DC Comics and I'll always be ecstatic about it.
Funny how Nicolas Cage finally gets to play Superman.
Whoever thought of putting the Yawn of Justice and Missing Mustache posters in the background deserves a raise.
Hearing Will Arnett hamming it up as Slade sounds like a good time to be honest.
When are we getting the Alfred movie?
Hey, it's Nicholas Cage and Will Arnet! Going to be strange seeing Will as an animated superhero that isn't batman.
Ah I actually kind of miss seeing 2d animated movies in theaters
I hope the movie ends with them getting a movie, and the last thing they do before the credits roll is check rotten tomatoes for their score






My 7 year old is going to fucking love this. 

The Green Lantern and Deadpool jokes lol
That wasn't terrible... I may actually go see this!

"What are you gonna do, annoy be with your waffles?"

*cuts to cyborg with waffles*

That gave me good laugh


Not gonna lie, this actually doesn't look terrible. I laughed a few times.
The “i... *am*... ***SLADEEEEEEE***” got me good

The show can be funny, I watch it when my nephew does but sometimes it’s just way too much sensory overload. This does look pretty funny though, funnier than the show
Haha that's actually hilarious lol
I’m certainly excited for this movie. I love the original Teen Titans, but still appreciate Teen Titans Go! Even if it isn’t what y’all grew up with, it is something the kids will enjoy and hopefully get them into comics someday.
Looking forward to all the salt this trailer produces.  Also my daughter is losing her shit over this movie coming out.
People need to appreciate this for what it truly is: A meta comedy laughing at superhero movies and DC characters. Yes, its funny for kids. But its also got that "Spongebob" magic where its dripping with jokes for older people too that can catch the subtlety.

I have kids (which is how I found TTGO in the first place) so I won't see this theaters, but I'll watch the shit out of it when I get the chance.
Finally, a good DC movie.
This might be the superhero movie I’m most excited for. 
"We saved room for dessseeerrrrrttt!" Haha okay that was great.I think this is going to do great at the box office tbh
I'd just like to remind everyone that Deathstroke might've come out before Deadpool, but Taskmaster preceded Deathstroke and is somehow even more obscure.
I'm actually just as excited to see this as my 8 yr old son is!!!  Teen Titans Go! is the shit, yo!
I can’t wait for this movie to not only get better reviews but to also out gross the Justice league movie
I was worried about yachty as a voice actor but i really think he can pull it off

also he needs to stop fucking around and drop that collab tape with takeoff
I’m curious how they got away with that Deadpool joke. I heard that the one offhand Iron Man reference in Lego Batman was really hard to get away with
I'm so god damn excited for this. Looks to be a ton of fun, and fun is what I'm after.

Probably helps that I've enjoyed the show as well.
Yawn of Justice. I love it. 
That moment when this & Batman & Harley Quinn are the last times we see BTAS type animation for Batman smdh
people unfairly hate on teen titans go, loved the original series growing up but this show if i catch it on ill leave it as bg noise, lots of funny jokes and it knows exactly what it is. 

makes fun of itself and has some pretty decent songs 
Despite the terrible Jaden Smith song in the background, this was actually looks pretty good.
I really like the new show. Its not supposed to replace the old show, It's supposed to be something new!
As someone who misses the old Teen Titans series and wasn't on board with Teen Titans Go, I'm on board with this movie.
Yeah I’d watch this high
Looks like pure goofy fun.
"Dance off" was a Guardians of the Galaxy nod, right?
My 8 year old son loves this show. I never watched the original, so I think its kind of a funny show. I certainly have seen worse cartoon to watch. I will take him to this and enjoy seeing a movie with him.
Would've been 10/10 if Robin said "*Slade...*"

Shame they couldn't get Ron Perlman back to play Slade 
It's strange seeing a kids movie that isn't made from computer animated 3D models these days.

Looks like a great movie though.
This looks pretty great. Teen Titans Go is fantastic with meta humour and they're going all out with it here. Taking the piss out of the moustache, Green Lantern movie, the Deathstroke/Deadpool stuff, this is what I like to see from something that is aimed at kids, because there's a lot of stuff there for everyone to like, same with The LEGO Batman Movie. 

Genuinely more excited for this than any upcoming DCEU movie except for Batman.


Is it weird that this made me way more excited than Justice League trailers?

This actually looks way better than I expected it to. I'll probably go see it now!
Wow, it seems like the Titans actually fight for more than 2 minutes in this. This surprisingly doesn’t seem too bad
You know it looks pretty self aware which is all I ask for with a movie of this nature
This looks really good
I like the show and I will most likely go and see the movie
...Will Arnet is just channeling Bojack horseman. 
Wow. Actually really made me laugh. 
You know I’ve seen every episode of this show about 5-6 times. 

No fool in’

I have kids. Kids who love this show. 

It has its charms and cleverness that you wouldn’t expect. 

Still kinda sick of it. But I appreciate that they didn’t mess up the characters the way the live action show seems to be. 
I'm legit excited for this film. Reminds me a lot of the South Park movie because of how much they're poking fun of at the criticisms surrounding the show. My only problem is that the animation is bland and not very innovative. Looks like an extended episode.
This could be the best DC movie since the Lego Batman one lmao
Why is this a movie and not just like a television special? The animation style is exactly the same. And yes, I know Teen Titans Go became more of a meta parody of DC Comics as it went on but nothing about this screams "See me in a theater." 
Been looking forward to this since it was announced. Glad they delivered with a solid trailer
This movie looks like it'll end up being pretty damn funny.
No comment about Cyborg being in the JL?
Fuck it I'm watching this one.
0:37 Is that Jonah Hex? He should not laugh at Robin considering how bad his movie is...
Deathstroke never really hit me as the world domination type 
So. Much Meta.
Is it sad that I kinda want to leave the kids at home and go see this without them?
Is that the horse from Horsin' Around!?
I'm pretty most people don't like this show just because it's not the original cartoon. That comedy writing is on point.
I'm ambivalent, it doesn't look terrible but it doesn't look good either.
Looks like a decent movie.
I can't wait to hate watch this movie 7 times.
Well this has a much lighter mood than the rest of the DC universe.
I get that the movie is comedic, but between this, Deadpool and Ragnarok, I really hope this self-parodic form of superhero movies doesn't become yhe norm for the genre. Not that I'm expecting it, but I'd be very dissapointed if there are people who'd consider this to be a better movie than IW. While IW wasn't perfect, I gurantee it had a lot of heart and effort put into it. For it to be ursurped in reception by this movie would be a let-down.
Honestly thought this was going to be a joke. But now it's starting to look like one of the better DC movies in the last decade (though not much competition to be fair)
I feel like this will end very similarly to the 1st SpongeBob movie with them accepting being goofy kid charters and probably with a song. 
Wow, I never would have expected to get hyped for a teen titans go movie...
Has potential to be modern DC's best movie yet
I don't want TTG (Hell I never watched the original either) but this looks really cool. I'm definitely checking it out 
But for real though, we do need a robin movie

This looks a lot better than I thought it was going to be.
for those who don't know about the show; there's an episode where they watch the OG Teen Titans show, and say "wth this is so much better than our show how could you cancel this you monsters"

the fact that they'll mock themselves to that degree speaks volumes
I’m just not sure who this is for tbh, the meta will go over kid’s heads but the rest of the humor seems very kiddy, does this show have an adult cult following ala Spongebob that I’ve totally been out of the loop of?
Bill Hader as the Atom?
Maybe if I was 11?
It looks like it’s going to be in the same vein of LEGO movie where there are cool meta jokes for adults while the kids get the goofy gags. 
Didn't expect a Jaden song to be in here, but..Kinda works.
My 5 year old absolutely loves Teen Titans but I'm hesitant. I'm wondering if they'll go a little overboard in regards to whats appropriate or not compared to it's television counter part. Does anybody think that the movie could possibly be a bit lenient and offer content that wouldn't have been appropriate for the show on network tv?
I've seen both Teen Titans and Teen Titans GO. I thought Teen Titans was a great show and Teen Titans GO was alright. I was hesitant about the movie. The teaser didn't really sell me on the film, but I will say this trailer made me a little more interested in the movie. I guess I'll have to see this movie and Mission Impossible Fallout on the same day (both on July 27th). But still, Warner Bros should make a live action Teen Titans movie.
Wow that was actually funny, props to them
After Lego Batman, this will be the best DCEU film.
Raven smiling? Something doesn’t seem right 
This will probably be the most entertaining movie DC has released in a long time.
The actual show is pretty much like that. It's really funny (I laugh at pretty much everything, though). I watch it sometimes, when my sister is watching.
This actually doesn't look bad. Doubt I'd watch it in theaters, but I would probably watch it on Netflix or something.

Speaking of.. what is the word on that supposed final Teen Titans season?
I don't know how I feel about this.  If it's a nice introspective on the entire DC TV/cinematic disaster using the medium of one of its most hated series, I might just buy into it.  

It'll probably just be a kid's movie with some more jokes aimed at old nerds though, which is fine I guess.
I think it would have been a lot funnier if they just basically carried over the slade from the original and had him interacting with the new group. But honestly I don't think it looks horrible. 
nice, they made a movie adaptation for Mein kampf
Well I came in here planning to bash this as inferior TT trash. But I was smiling by the end... dammit.
better than the Titans tv show
Having the most iconic DC Superheroes voiced by comedians instead of much better actors? You gotta be kidding me.
[deleted]
Oh my god, DCs best movie is going to be an animated "kids" movie.. I'll be forcing my sister to let me take my nephews to this
As much as I hate this show I've seen a lot of it. The jokes in the backgrounds are way better than they ought to be. And the meta jokes are too on point and again better than it should be. I still dislike the show.
What's the over:under on this performing better than any of the DCEU movies?
This reminds me of Lego Batman, I can't believe I'm saying that I can't wait for this! Looks more entertaining than Justice League lmao
Best DC movie of 2018
Oh god this is gonna be terrible.
I would love it if the final fight scene had them animated in the original style.  
It doesn't have the sexualization of Raven that made the first so popular.
Sigh. I miss the *real* Teen Titans.
Who here misses the OG Teen Titans :(
Hard pass.
Ugh, what have they done to Teen Titans? 😭
Referencing Deadpool in a kid’s movie seems a little odd.
teen titans go is the bane of the cartoon world right now
Absolutely fucking not.
I hate this Go shit. I miss the old Teen Titans. 
Absolute trash
OH GODS, IT'S ~~DEADPOOL~~ BOJACK!
Weird this doesn't look like the absolute dumpster fire the show is. I'm probably going to regret this but I'm optimistic about this movie. 
Can we scratch this movie and come out with a teen titans movie. Even just bringing back the show would be enough for me
I swear all Teen Titans Go is is a show that was bad, and then they got popular by ragging on how bad it was.
Pass. Cartoon Network completely ruined Teen Titans for me with their full days scheduling of this show.
OMG, LEGO Batman is Deadpool!!!l11!

Young justice died for this. 
"Teen Titans Go:Go away"

i tried really to give it a shot and couldnt not get into it....RIP to the original 
It's like seeing the trailer for episode II. It's gonna be shit, but your kids are gonna love it!
I still really hate that Cartoon Network ruined teen titans
hmm. Looks better than the show, at least.
lil yachty as the green lantern interesting

and maybe DC has been bad so they could make money off making jokes about themselves? 
Please God No
It actually looks like it might be funny. But the animation looks \*terrible\* for a film production, it's barely a step up from the \(cheap\-looking\) show.
[deleted]
So... Why not make a live action version?
[deleted]
The DC Will Arnett Universe
I really want Will Arnett as Booster Gold one day
He does have one of those rare voices though.  Part of me thinks he might have a medical condition but, it makes his voice sound cool
He's basically just re-doing Bojack Horseman here
Only thing this movie needs now is a giant spider!
I am afraid they have just been fired, as WB executives just saw this comment.
In the show they were making fun of dawn of justice about the Martha name. 
Don’t exactly know how sensible it is releasing a movie mean spiritedly making fun of films in your on going and most profitable franchise. WB don’t know wtf they’re doing tbh, the fact this movie was greenlit and the fact it is taking shots at their own franchise in a mockery way is all you need to know how dumb these guys are. Just because everyone is making fun of something doesn’t mean you should, especially when you are the owner of said thing and still have a lot to gain from said thing
I'm getting a lot of Bojack vibes from him honestly
Kinda sad it's not Ron Perlman but his voice probably wouldn't fit the tone of the movie.
Not gonna lie, I found this entire show and movie idea to be incredibly dumb, but knowing Will Arnett is Slade makes me almost want to see it. 
As much as I hate ttg, I'm honestly considering watching this movie to tide me over until the next season of bojack. He's just so fun to listen to.
I'm with Raven, that would actually be pretty fun.
Batman Solo movie is actually Alfred movie. That's why Ben Affleck is no longer wanting to be Batman.
I won't be able to think of Slade if I see this movie. I'm only going to be able to see Bojack Horseman in a Slade mask.
Actually, Will is voicing both Slade *and* Batman. 
Loved seeing Spongebob 2 in theatres for this reaosn
This was the exact reason I was so excited when My Little Pony came out last October. Even tho the story was fine, the animation was gorgeous 
Given how meta this movie seems to be, I wouldn't be surprised if this happens.
The joke being that they're 1% higher than "Justice League" and they celebrate like they've won the lottery.
I'm lowkey thinking that they'll end up getting a TV show and that'll be the weird origin story of the OG series, since Slade is involved. 
"19%, what is this rigged? Biased marvel fanboys"

I'd laugh so hard is they say that^
I get those Deadpool jokes personally because I had a Deathstroke wallet in high school. One of the nerdy guys said “Nice Deadpool wallet!” to me once...I didn’t have the strength to correct him. Just nodded and went on.
My preschooler saw the trailer and wants to see this. If I happen by the trailer she will want to watch it a half dozen times. 
This appears to be suck it Ryan Reynolds the movie, and I'm okay with that. 
"7 Year old" 

Sure Buddy ;-) i get ya

Ha, I'll see ya in line

THIS GUY REALLLLLLLLLLLLY THINKS WERE GUNNA BELIEVE HE HAS A 7 YEAR OLD

PSHHHH

candy is on me ;-)
Not sure if you've seen the show, but that's a reference to one of their episodes. Cyborg and Beast Boy play a game where they communicate by saying "Waffles" in different tones. 

At the end, when they're captured and being tortured by the villain, they annoy Brother Blood (I think?) into letting them go. It's annoying and hilariously silly!
>**Superman**: ...you guys didn't save anything!

>**Cyborg**: We saved room for DESSEEERRRTTT!

That brought a laugh out of me. If only people could stop being so uptight and give this movie a chance, they might really enjoy it.
Yeah but it's just them acknowledging that they make "epicwafflezXD!!!" jokes. 


Would it be funny if the Big Bang Theory made a movie where half the jokes where, "Yeah, we haven't played a video game besides Pac-man, and haven't actually read a comic, but we have a vague knowledge of pop-culture batman!"
Yeah this was surprisingly good. I know the show has a lot of meta jokes but I didn't know if they'd put much of that in the movie or not.

Also they'll have to reuse the Deadpool joke again for whenever Darkseid gets called a Thanos ripoff. 
I chuckled at Nick Cage voicing Superman, also it's kind of funny that Robin's nemesis is the same voice as Lego Batman
Teen Titans Go is funnier than the internet would have you believe. If it weren't for the fact it's a reboot/rework of the Teen Titans cartoon so many 20-somethings have nostalgic connection to (myself included), people wouldn't hate it nearly as much. It'd slot in beside Gumball, Adventure Time, and all the other wacky, fast-paced, oddball cartoons that kids love nowadays, and no one would care.
It’s gonna be silly as hell! Can’t wait to take my daughter. 
The TV show surprised me just as much. It's actually pretty watchable considering how much I dislike reboots
So what you're saying is that they are putting actual effort into this?
Haha, yeah :) Because the original Slade always said that XD
Gonna assume that was a [reference](https://i.imgur.com/XS5LK.gif) but [if not...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lac--IIy-Qs&t=9s)
Yeah I wasn't really feeling it but I love the slade stuff and overall it was pretty funny... I might actually watch this
I thought it was pretty funny, but I've never been a Teen Titans Go hater.
Honestly it was surprisingly funny
Worst I'll say is that I hate how often CN airs the show over everything else in their current catalog. Otherwise I have no complaints about the show itself. Hell, I'm fucking hyped to see this movie!
[deleted]
Is the “spongebob magic” you’re referring to the fact that sponge bob and ttgo are the most played on their representative channels?

The issue is half the jokes aren't meta or are worthless.. I enjoy random jokes but, baby hands, butt shaking, and waffles, is not funny...

Don't get me wrong some jokes are funny and I think there would be less complaints if 90% of cartoonnetworks lineup wasn't ttg
Lamp-shading everything you do, does not a good meta-joke make. Otherwise The Emoji Movie would be a cinematic masterpiece.
Excuse you. Lego Batman still exists
Barry fucked the timeline hard this time.
Watchmen and dark Knight beg to differ
HAS NO ONE HERE SEEN THE FLASHPOINT PARADOX
Wonder Woman? 
Lego Batman would like a word.
Lego Batman was good not as good as the original Lego movie but still good
What is Batman '89?
This is a trailer, not a movie.
Mask of the Phantasm?
They have plenty of good animated movies. 
As if Taskmaster isn't the biggest copycat in comics. 
I mean, Taskmaster was in Marvel vs Capcom 3, so that's something.
There isnt much common b/w Deathstroke and Taskmaster.

Whereas Deadpool is a straight up Deathstroke rip off.
They even admit to it.
IIRC Deathstroke was originally conceived as basically an evil version of Captain America, since they're both the results of government experiments to create a super\-soldier.

So Deadpool's a Marvel character copying a DC character copying a Marvel character.
To be fair. How hard could that possibly be? 
He was supposed to drop a tape with Pump also..
Which Deadpool joke? 

It's a pretty open secret that Liefield ripped off Deathstroke with Deadpool:

https://www.polygon.com/comics/2016/1/28/10860668/deadpool-deathstroke-deadshot

"The time is 1990. The place is Marvel Comics (this is not really a place, but pretend it is for dramatic cadence). The people are Deadpool co-creators Fabian Nicieza and Rob Liefeld. They had decided to introduce a sword and gun wielding assassin with super-agility to the pages of New Mutants, and Liefeld had just delivered his first designs on a character that he suggested they call "Deadpool."


"Nicieza called him back: 'This is Deathstroke from the Teen Titans.'"


I don't think a simple name\-drop can cause any legal issues.

Besides, we've got Deadpool insulting DC by name in his latest trailer. If the Merc with a Mouth can dish it out, I'm pretty sure he can take it.
Any source on the Iron Man thing? Because I really don;t believe there'd be any rights issue with simple mentioning a character's name
Deadpool is a pop culture reference.

They can't use the character Deadpool or his likeness, but since Deadpool is a known entity in pop culture, they can mention him.  Just like Marvel can make a joke and even drop Superman or Batman's name if they want.   In fact, both of those characters names have been dropped in media many, many times by companies that don't own them.

Legally they can't use the characters, but mentioning them isn't illegal.  The main reason DC/Marvel wouldn't normally mention their competitions heroes by name is because mentioning their names is just free publicity for the competition.  DC has no problem doing it in this context, because right now Deadpool is more popular than Slade and mentioning Deadpool in the context they do, just points out that Slade came first which may raise more interest in Slade.

The only way dropping the name alone could get them in trouble is if they were slandering the character in which case they'd be at risk for defamation.  But mentioning Slade came first... is fact.
Justice League Action refrences TAS. And the cast of JLU are planning a reunion. 
Great use of Thunder though
No, they do that regularly on the show
There was also "ROBIN IN SPACE ^Ver. ^(6)"
Nah, it'll be a better movie too lol
I don’t remember the South Park movie looking aesthetically distinguishable from the show, but it’s been a while. 
No matter how hard you try Wonder Woman’s 76/100 Metacritic score, 92% Rotten Tomatoes Percentage and $412M at the domestic box office will never go away lmao
Money
My 7 year old is freaking about seeing this in the movie theater.  She loves the show and can't wait to see it done up big.
Hopefully just testing the waters to see if there's an audience for Cartoon Network movies on the big screen. If this does well enough, they'll probably start announcing more movies based on their shows.
Because this 32-year-old man is gonna pay to see it in the theater. Well, I'll use my MoviePass to see it in the theater.
That's usually the biggest problem with adapting a tv series: they don't try to be different from the source material. Bigger Longer and Uncut was a musical, 21 Jump Street totally changed the genre from the series, even Sponge out of Water tried to distinguish it's animation from the tv series and it looked fun, This movie looks actually really fun, but it's upsetting that the only "major" change is that they have the budget for Cage and Arnett.
It's not meta if you just brazenly reference what you're doing.
The show is goofy as hell. 
Same here. Is it worth going to a theater to see? No. Is it worth watching when it's on HBO and they do a free preview weekend? Hell yea!
Its a good song most of that album is great, it's kinda hard to listen to because the first 4 songs are one long song but overall it's a solid 7.5/10 
I'm almost certain that it will be PG, which I'm fairly certain is the same as the tv show.  
I doubt they would make it too risque amd alienate their audience. If I had to guess it will probably be similiar to Lego Batman in appropriateness
Well, theyre making a live action Titans TV show, so theres that
Well it's in tune with the show. The show is a satire of superheroes, it wouldn't be consistent to have the heroes be voiced by gruff deep voiced men as if it were a serious film
It's not a blooper, that's how the scene actually happened.
It’s a kids movie, it’ll do better than Justice League for sure
This guy clearly hasn't heard of Lady Legasus
Now its a show for kids with some good episodes having lots of meta jokes. Most episodes have only fart jokes and stuff, but there are some amazing ones out there.
No, this is *totally* a different series! Even though it uses the exact same set-up, backstories, and voice actors! You're just being nostalgic!
Good news, all the episodes still exist so you can watch it whenever you like without having to denigrate what other people might like.
Kids know who Deadpool is, he was in the Spider-Man animated show a couple years ago iirc
The show is odd to begin with. They make references to the golden girls and 80's action TV show. They had a really great Manimal joke in one episode.

The Deadpool joke is part for the course really.
Good news, it still exists, so you can still watch it whenever you want without having to denigrate what other people like.
Young Justice is coming back my friend.
Oh yeah definitely better than that Dark Knight crap. 
Teen Titans is getting a live action adaptation...
Delete this. 
A new meaning to the DCAU.
"They're illusions, Theodore. A trick is something Joker does for money." 
He would be perfect booster gold!! 
> Only thing this movie needs now is ~~a giant spider~~ BEES, OH GOD BEES!


Disagree. Owning up to where you fucked up and moving forward is all you can do sometimes.

Case in point, one of the early scenes of Thor: Ragnarok making fun of the poorly-received Thor: The Dark World movie.
So Deadpool should never be made?
If anything, parodies like this make audiences more receptive to what’s being ripped on, and it shows that the studio has a sense of humor.  I mean, TTG makes fun of *itself* more than it makes fun of any other property, and it remains a popular show.

> Just because everyone is making fun of something doesn’t mean you should,

Better to be laughing with everyone else rather than being laughed at.
There are loads of instances of that happening in TTG
The Teen Titans fighting Bojack Horseman in a giant mech sounds like a great time. Get fucked, Infinity War. This is the superhero showdown of the summer. 
>What is this, a crossover episode?
you have to be less of a villain every day, but it does get easier
Deadpool vibes
So the show is dumb... but twist my titties and call me momma it’s fucking entertaining. There was one episode where Weird Al Yankovic voiced Darkseid
I hate the show, I just saw the trailer in movies. at the start, I was groaning that it existed... then, somehow, by the end of it I was hyped for the movie...

like, that's kinda amazing, tbh. top tier disgusting advertising, making a product I already hate(because it's not the thing I love), and making me want it anyway... I'll at least wait for reviews and whatnot, but still...
Slade is super hilarious in the movie, you won't regret it.
Hes a fucking badass in the comics. 
Ha! Yeah he sounds exactly like Bojack Horseman.
Robin's nemesis and adoptive father are the same person, what would Freud say?
Isn't Jimmy Kimmel Batman in this one? 
Oh snap, what if they reference that old "Slade was Batman just testing Robin" theory from the old show? 
The first two acts were so fun
They'd probably get a real director to cameo as the director, and have Control Freak as the producer or studio head of WB. Either way, I think they'd make sure Control Freak is part of the gag, since he's their easy way to poke fun at rebooting the old series, and the realities of producing a cartoon.
Could actually be where the rumoured 6th season comes from.
I mean, they look very similar. The masks, the swords, the guns.

It also doesn't help that they're Slade and Wade Wilson. 
I'm really curious as to how this Deathstroke wallet looks like.
I really don't see how this show appeals to kids. All the jokes seem so meta and self-aware that I feel like they're not funny if you haven't seen past DC cartoons/movies/comics. 

I mean, it's great that it does, it's just I get way more enjoyment out of it as a grown man than I really would expect to from a kid's cartoon.
I've seen the episode... It's so damn bad. That's why it made me laugh a lot. Good reference. 
People hate on this show way too much. I mean, I liked old teen titans too, but that doesn't mean this new one is bad. its just meant to be a comedy with super heroes as characters. It works well as that, and the writing is actually pretty good and consistently funny. 
While it;s not my cup of tea I do think people have to realize this is a parody of the original series
> AIRHORN AIRHORN AIR HORN
I laughed more than once. I'll definitely watch it sometime 
People say the series is shit.

The series knows full well what it is doing and doesn't care. Heck, I think they had one episode where Slade was the big bad and... he was beaten within the first 30 seconds and they just fucked around. 
I think they get the source material better then you kiddo. Sorry it goes over your head. You seem like the exact kind of fool lacking self awareness this show pokesfun at with their depiction of Robin. If you knew what you were talking about you could be Control Freak. 
I think that in Infinity War, considering [the direction they took Thanos as a humanized and well-intentioned character](#spoiler), Marvel has actually helped DC by making him very unlike Darkseid in most respects, even physical. With how he was characterized in earlier films, there were similarities, but now I think Darkseid is much more likely to be free from accusations of being a copycat.
I thought that was Jason Mantzoukas. 

Edit: IMDb says it's Will Arnett. I'm not convinced it's not Jason Mantzoukas, who was also in Lego Batman. 
For me, the humor is hit or miss, which is fine. What I’m upset about is the ridiculous schedule that Cartoon Network has. There are some days that they play only TTG, even if it’s not advertised as a marathon. That’s just their regular scheduling. They occasionally show Gumball and OK KO or whatever, but I can’t remember the last time I saw a rerun of Adventure Time, Regular Show, Steven Universe, etc. It’s just strange that TTG is what they chose to push so heavily.
I feel like most people hate on it because it seems like the only thing Cartoon Network will air nowadays. This past Christmas alone had ONE half hour slot on a Friday that wasn't TTG, but the rest of the airing schedule that week was nothing but TTG. Okay show, *terrible* choice in airtime.
> . If it weren't for the fact it's a reboot/rework of the Teen Titans cartoon so many 20-somethings have nostalgic connection to (myself included), people wouldn't hate it nearly as much

As far as I can tell, its that TT Go gets away with being lazy just because its a kids show. Huge difference between that and Gumball or Adventure time. Those shows actually have character development and smart dialogue and kids are the target audience without pandering to them or looking down at them.

TT Go knows what it is and doesn't promise to be anything else. I admire that but is it the absolute best of children entertainment? Hell no.
They play it way too much, but I agree, it's not bad. I didn't even like the original TT that much, but still, initially I had a bad reaction to TTGO. As time went on, I think most people stopped giving a shit outside of the hardcore adult fans of kids' cartoons. Now, I will occasionally turn on the TV and it's playing, and about 40% of the humor lands for me. 
My 5 year old loves this show so I started watching it with him. Lo and behold its pretty damn funny and has some deep cuts that adult DC Comics fans will get.
I shat on it relentlessly having only seen small clips. My younger cousin was watching it one day when I was babysitting her and I caught an episode of it then. There was some joke where Robin swore he'd seen Beast Boy flying as a bird and asked him why he was still at the tower, to which Beast Boy replied telling him that as a joke he randomly paints some animals green so people think it's him. Actually got a laugh out of me. 

I've just accepted it as having a similar cast of characters in a comedy show for kids as opposed to the show I personally like. It's not the worst thing I've seen out there in terms of cartoons nowadays. 
I think the chief complaint about the show now is sometimes it’s all CN will show.
I absolutely hate it, but maybe its because the previous teen titan series was one of my favorite shows ever and it just ended so abruptly :(
I mean, sure. Maybe it's funny. But the original Teen Titans show was more in the vein of Young Justice than Powerpuff Girls.

Which is what Go is. A PPG version of Teen Titans. If you're good with that, fine. 

I'm not.
Haha, yeah! It's so funny when they say wafflez XD!!! Just like the original show would have! 
I’m not gonna say that those working on the show don’t put effort in because I’m not the target audience.

But because this is a feature film, they have to step up the humor and tone down the flashing colors for the parents that accompany their kids. It’s all about knowing the audience rather than the work or effort.
Jesus Christ dude.
You need a new hobby dude.
Fuckin' loved that scene in Scott Pilgirm. It's just so strangely casual.
[deleted]
Honestly I didn't know how much the original Teen Titans series was loved until Go came around and I saw all the vitriol.  
Same here, and I have been a TTG hater.
They said "Looking forward to all the salt". They also made that comment 7 hours ago. 
But those jokes aren't for you. My little brother and cousins think they're hilarious, and they don't get the meta ones at all. That's why they're there, to have dual appeal.
Waffles! Waffles waffles waffles, waffles wafffffelllls. Waffles waffles waffles waffles waffles. Waffles waffles!
God, you're literally the worst person in these comments today.
You're right, my  bad.
That movie was terrible! Was seconds away from walking out on it in theaters...
[deleted]
Yes he did, other Barry
The animated universe is pretty awesome. The Judas Contract and Killing Joke were a little underwhelming. Now I just need Justice League Dark sequels. 
I thought Wonder Woman was a great movie. Although I didn't really like the third act that much
Was great.  Fuck the haters.
It's only good by comparison. It's almost as good as mid tier Marvel movies.
Thirty years old and not as good as you remember 
Robin "kids called me dick" Batman "Kids can be cruel" 
Already good enough
Bigger than Morph?
And was in Ultimate Spiderman voiced by Clancy Brown.
Mercenary with pirate themed costumes, master tacticians with a wide array of skills capable of taking on entire teams of supers with just their talents. Occasionally operate in moral greys despite usually being villains.

This is taskmaster and deathstroke, they have waaaaay more in common with each other than Deadpool and Deathstroke do, shit Deathstroke was made literally a couple months after Taskmaster BY THE SAME ARTIST who essentially just wanted to keep using Taskmaster when he switched to DC.
If I remember correctly he said that it got scrapped a while ago.
Right but even using the name would be a rights issue with Marvel/Fox/Disney. 
The movie looked better than the show _at the time_, but looks worse than more modern episodes of South Park.
Ehh I thought Wonder Woman was just average. It was fine until it fell apart in the third act.
Gotta get thems bees, son.
At least this is a surefire way of firing that back up. CN's never tried again after their one and only attempt, *Powerpuff Girls*, failed back in 2002. 
awesome thats kind of what I was hoping for. Risque was also the word I was looking for when writing my response so thank you for elaborating for me.
The set photos and the reveals for Starfire, Beast Boy, and Raven don't make me very excited for Titans. I'll watch the first few episodes to really judge for myself. I feel like with a Teen Titans theatrical movie, the budget is higher and it seems like the Titans are the type of heroes that would benefit from a higher budget.
"Tell him about the dance-off to save the universe"
[deleted]
It looks like it has a better script too.
Justice League made $657M buddy, don’t let your bias delude you. This movie is doing $100-250M max
Look at those legs, mama!!
>No, this istotallya different series! Even though it uses the exact same set-up, backstories, and voice actors!

Exactly. Different animation and goal, obviously a call back to the original show but in no way trying to *be* it.
Backstories? Uhm, didn't the *real* Titans spend a few episodes fighting Deathstroke/Slade already?
He also appeared in one of the Spider-Man video games and in Marvel Ultimate Alliance. Plus the comics don’t really go rated R a ton so kids can read them.
A series with probably a much less budget that they need...
Beads?
>Disagree. Owning up to where you fucked up and moving forward is all you can do sometimes.
>
>Case in point, one of the early scenes of Thor: Ragnarok making fun of the poorly-received Thor: The Dark World movie.

Which scene is that?
The dark word was averagely received but I agree with your sentiment.
Don't you mean Deathstroke vibes?
It is a show that appears to give no fucks, yet nails every single detail.
Will Arnet is Bojack btw.
TTGo Robin definitely has some serious daddy issues. 
Isn't it weird that Slade always wants Robin as an apprentice?
Yes.
That was a theory? How would that make sense? Slade was legitimately evil, and didn't even only have his sights on Robin. He also specifically targeted Raven and Beast Boy during their respective seasons. 
Deadpool was originally designed as a rip-off off of Deathstroke. Hence the similar appearance and names. 
Their similarity is not an accident. Deadpool was a parody of Deathstroke.

And a good one because hey, I'm sorry, but Deathstroke was always just the worst.

[Mobile Link](https://www.overstock.com/Clothing-Shoes/DC-Comics-Deathstroke-Logo-Bifold-Wallet/11042419/product.html) 

Leads to where you can buy it, but out of stock right now.
"What it looks like" or "how it looks" are correct. "How it looks like" is not.
I don't understand either. But darn if it didn't come on during my 4yo's birthday and every kid in the house "ooh'ed" over this when someone yelled "Teen Titans" and then gathered around the TV until it was over. 

Funny thing, their love for waffles was a gag in the original show
"Evil beware, we have waffles"
I don’t get the hate either but I missed the original completely & had only first heard about them from this show.   

My kid was at the perfect age to like this version & I always thought they were pretty funny. I haven’t seen much, but the few episodes I’ve seen had me laughing.   

This movie looks great.
Yeah, I think people are being kind of unfair to it. Like, ya'll know it's supposed to be a goofy parody, right? I've only seen a few episodes, I'm not a fan or anything and I hate how it's overplayed, but it's not as bad as people say.
I think people hate it because it eliminates the possibility of a sequel of the original show as long as it exists.

I don’t really care either way. Movie looks way better than I expected though!
I never cared that it was a comedy, and even when I don't care for the show that much, I'll always say that this show does make me laugh from time to time. But the reason I absolutely hate the show, even beyond the terrible episodes like Waffles, is because of how the show runners and writers just cannot take any criticism whatsoever and then pretty much just shit all over fans for lulz. The best example is in the episode Return of Slade, where Space never even shows up and the episode is REALLY just an allegory for how the old show was horrible
It's the fact that the original show got unexpectedly cancelled and then they reassembled the original voice cast for this but it wasn't a continuation or really the same thing at all. People got excited for something that didn't exist yet and then got mad when it wasn't what they imagined. Happens all the time.
I think if anything, the hate for this show is more about people’s distaste for the direction CN is going in.
It's not though, the people who made it watched no episodes of the original series when they made the new one, it's kind of it's own thing but at the same time sorta shitting on the old series' fans. 
Haha yeah, the original series was *totally* just that! This is a *totally* accurate and faithful parody! Just like how the Super Mario Bros Movie was an accurate parody of the original video game!
📣📣📣
Yeah, I'm familiar with the original show, and have read a fair share of the comic. It's not really funny if you stretch it out to 100+ episodes.

Will Arnett Lego Batman is funny once in a while, but not all the time.
Eventually it'll spread that  Darkseid came before Thanos.


Just the movie needs to be good, which seems to be the biggest challenge for DC.
The LBM cast is way stronger than it ever needed to be (the Lego Movie too). They have a lot of (somewhat) well known people playing one line bit parts. 

Also Voldemort is in the movie, but he's not voiced by Ralph Fiennes who is also in the movie. I find that funny. 
Damn. Now I want Mantzoukas to do a bunch of second/third tier cartoon movie superhero villains- Mad Hatter, Kite man, Calendar Man, Cluemaster
Zooks was Scarecrow in Lego Batman, I believe.
Maybe reruns get really good ratings, like how Nickelodeon used to constantly play SpongeBob reruns cause they'd do so well. \(do they still play constant SpongeBob? I haven't watched cable in a long time\) But it's still annoying, and a bad idea in the long run. Nickelodeon focused so much on SpongeBob that they wouldn't give other shows a good shot, and now they're suffering in the animation department.
I watch it on Hulu, which at least gets rid of that weird problem for me.  Honestly, I skip a lot of half-episodes.  It's not surprising though since there are different writers for different episodes.
I hated on it because I LOVED Teen Titans before on cartoon network then it seemed like they made it more kid friendly and I considered it a toddler show. I may or may not be wrong but this trailer actually looked really good
Same with my 6-year-old daughter. She's not much of a superhero fan but she loves this show and even wants to be Raven for Halloween. 
Yeah, me too. I loved the original teen titans, but then when I checked out ttg it was more kid friendly, silly, and just not what I wanted in teen titans. Justice League vs teen titans (Or whatever its called) was really good. I felt like I was watching the original teen titans again.
It's not targeted towards you. They obviously weren't intending to catch the attention of nostalgic gen Z kids. I don't understand why you'd hate something for not being something it was never ever going to be to begin with.
Did you even see the episode of TTGO where the goofy titans watch the old titans and are furious about their own bullshit. 
Yeah man, these jokes look like they took *days* to write. 
Superhero side-tangent to Scott Pilgrim: Michael Cera fights both Captain America and Superman/The Atom in that movie.
Eh, didn't know how much that gets memed, plus it's a normal thing to say, so I attached it to "if not".
The sad thing is, Go itself loves the original series and often has send ups to it. 

It sucks that we will never get more classic Teen Titans, but what we did get of it is amazing and always will be. 

Go is it’s own thing, and while it can be hit or miss at times, it is overall a really fun show that is made by people who love the original, and just love comics in general. 
Like I said people's big complaint is cartoonnetworks shows almost all ttg
*Dance for your bees!*

*Dance! Dance for your bees!*

With Robin dejectedly shaking his ass had me in stitches. 
Probably. I guess I'm just bitter. I'll stop posting, but I'll still respond.
Being slightly lesser than a great movie is nothing to be embarrassed about. :) 
Holy fuck...that just made me want a Watchmen-esque superhero season of Archer, since they seem to be changing things every season now.
Was decent at best. The third act really screw the pooch
It's fine to enjoy it but the film is fundamentally flawed, just as much as Batman V Superman.

It's strongest moments are character based, but only between 2 specific characters. The writing between Gal and Chris was great. And their scenes were great.

There are also some good scenes relating to themes and conflict: WW's guilt and shame that she killed the wrong man, to which Chris Pine elaborates that there dosen't need to be some grand epic battle, and that they will just keeping fighting together to bring peace.

So he says that... then a big stupid grand fight happens at the end.

It ruins the *entire* point of the damn film. If they cut that whole scene out and made it so WW lost that battle the film would no doubt be better.

The entire climax is poorly shot, acted, animated and paced. It looks exactly the same as every DC movie now: big fiery red background with fallen debris. The past THREE DC movies have done this.

There are more issues beyond the last 3rd: any bit of humor from a character that was not Gal Gadot or Chris Pine fell flat on it's face.

The villains are once again very poor. Their motivations are fine, but their design and acting are so hammy and out of place with the somewhat dire situation presented in the film.


The first 20 minutes of the film with a young Diana are hard to watch: we can defend child actors forever but the performance was distractingly poor

The special effects in general are just as bad. The scene where young Diana is falling looks worse than most movies in the early 2000's.

The other side characters don't get any development and are very forgettable.

Most of the "haters" find and see very glaring issues with the film that are present in every other DC film. Wonder Women does CERTAIN things better than the others, but that in no way makes it a great film, simply the better of the bad DCEU movies.

You're welcome to disagree, but most of what I said are inherit issues that many others have discussed already, not just "oh I think the action was stupid and I think WW is a dumb character"
That's very funny.
It really hasn't aged well at all.
I love that movie
If you have the desire though, and enjoy cinematography, Batman 1989 had amazing cinematography, and borrowed tons of elements of German Expressionism, especially with the abnormal background and sets, and the twisted nature the camera angles created. 
WOLVERINE!  PULL BACK!
THIS ONE'S FOR YOU, MORPH!
How would making a joke about a character being a rip off/parody be a rights issue?

If that's the case, half of the jokes in Buffy would have to be stripped out.
what really makes the movie feel different is the full orchestra score
Yeah, I was just thinking that after I commented. 
Key word “you”

>until it fell apart in the third act.

For a movie that “Fell Apart” it sure had adhit ton of repeat viewings and home release sales. You probably are just a hypocrite seeing as marvel films tend to have far worse third acts or at least the same as WW’s
YOU GOTTA EARN THEM BEES!
No, the scene is literally in the movie. The blooper is just a blooper of the scene being filmed lol
Yes, but that Slade was voiced by Ron Pearlman instead of Will Arnett. Totally different.
Also, all those trailers that kids will have watched a billion times by now. 
Tbh. But I get why they wouldn't want to do another team up movie after JL
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqftdKNmweA)
I mean, he is the terminator!
Legit assumed it was Batman in disguise until that season 2 finale.
It's not a theory that made sense of course.. nor do I think it was an accepted one for obvious reasons, but it was *a* theory nonetheless. 

Don't know if it was a widespread one though, but here's hoping it gets a nod or two. Not that I'm watching it but hey. 
As one of the kids who believed in and pushed that theory during the early seasons, there are a couple of factors behind it, most of them owing to the time period that the show aired (2003).

* Slade/Deathstroke wasn't that popular at the time, and thus wasn't very well known.

* Comics in general weren't nearly as popular as they are now, and were still seen as a super nerdy form of media. Deathstroke in particular only interacted with B-list heroes up to that point, the sort of characters that would've been considered obscure to most people.

* The internet was still transitioning from Web 1.0 to 2.0. Googling things wasn't as ubiquitous as it is now and there were very few online communities where people would actually group up to discuss theories like this and subsequently get corrected with information on the actual character.

* Batman in particular was more or less DC's flagship character at the time, coming off of multiple successful movies, a well regarded solo TV show, and a very prominent position in several spin-offs from said TV show, leaving him fresh in the minds of many viewers. 

Add it all together and it was pretty much the perfect time period for dumb theories like that.
ah, the creative genius of Rob Liefeld
Rip off? I thought he was to be a parody character. Especially since that was the era when gritty antiheroes were on the rise.
Some say parody, some say blatant rip off....
I think ive read they are in talks to make more of the original. If young justice can make a comeback, im sure teen titans will too. 
A big issue is that the show is played \*constantly\* to the point where other shows get neglected. Nickelodeon went downhill largely because they relied so much on SpongeBob reruns and I'd hate to see the same thing happen to CN.
Almost every bit of "hate" I've seen for the show is about literally anything but the show. People hate it because OG Teen Titans is gone and was left unfinished. People hate it because it's on constantly. People hate it because the creators poke fun at fans of the original. People hate it because of the commercials, or because they brought back the original voice actors, or whatever, but *maybe* 10% of the complaints I see are actually about the writing or animation or themes.
[They clearly have watched the original.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-Cv_87gd7A)
There are a ton of references to the actual comics though. Even obscure DC properties show up.. I remember a Haunted Tank reference/joke in TTG and thought it was clever and impressive. 

  TTG is quite fun to watch and only shits on "fans" if they're insecure. The old Teen Titans was extremely dumbed down from the comics but people act like it was some deep show. It had a ton of stupid episodes and jokes just like Go.
Do you have a stick up your butt? You’ve been doing nothing but spewing hate in this entire thread
As someone who prefers the DC Universe over Marvel(grew up wit the Batman/Superman AS don't @ me), I do not even want to hear the words "Justice League" for another 6+ years of establishing themselves with great solo/team-up films. One of the most disappointing films I've ever seen..

Marvel has been knocking it out of the park, and all that buildup over the last 10 years led to honestly the most entertaining movie I've ever seen in my life. Hats off to them, and I hope starting with James Wan's Aquaman that DC turns a new leaf. 
i believe they still have 3 hour spongeblocks everyday at least
It does, and thats what's kinda grinding my gears. The trailer really shows the humor of the TV show, but that humor is lost on those of us who wanted OG Teen Titans (or at least something less... goofy). But TTG does eventually find its stride and gets pretty funny if you don't mind poking fun at the original.
Young justice is what you are talking about I think. There is another season in the works. Hopefully that will help fill the void left by OG Teen Titans. Honestly though, this movie looks surprisingly good. 
Yeah, but is that really funny? If Jared Leto made a joke about previous Joker incarnations in Suicide Squad, would that have saved the performance? Or if Killer Croc had referenced that episode of Batman TAS, where he*,The Joker, Poison Ivy, and The Penguin recount almost catching Batman? Would that have made his lackluster performance any better?
And he defeated Superman/Atom with help from the Punisher. 
Cyril is definitely Niteowl.
Oh yeah you’re right, most others must have thought Wonder Woman is a shit movie but is good in comparison to the other dc movies

*checks rotten tomatoes score*

92% Critic Rating/7.6/10 actual score, 88% Audience Rating

*Checks Metacritic*

76/100

*Checks imdb*

7.5/10

*Checks box office*

$412M Domestic 

*Checks Home Video Sales*

Highest selling Blu-Ray/DVD/Digital of 2017

*Checks Awards*

On AFI top 10 best of the year, the only superhero movie to do so in the past 6 years, has a PGA nomination, has a Costume Guild award, has multiple screenplay nominations from different bodies, has a critic choice award, has an art directors guild nomination, has multiple Saturn awards, has an nbr award, has more awards than any marvel movie in the past 10 years.


Wow, it looks like you’re wrong on every measurable metric buddy, your opinion seems to be extremely unpopular.
It's aged like a fine wine, thank you very much. 

Just gotta look past the fact that it's not a *great* adaptation of the Batman we know today, but what it does do with the world it establishes is so good. 
Yes it has, Nicholson's Joker is still entertaining.
The Prince songs in the art gallery scene really don't help.
I saw it for the first time 2 years ago with my GF, and we both agreed it was a good movie. She was especially impressed how unique it was compared to the cookiecutter CBMs these days. Raimi Spiderman1 aged so much worse with the PS2 cutscene CGIs. Or the 1978 Superman film with little to no action and outdated effects.
Yeah cause having a villian with bad CGI magic with little to no buildup and solely existing just for WW to defeat was surely a compelling third act. And having repeat viewings and home release sales isn't something to brag about cause Marvel has DC beat in all that. Just be grateful once Warner Bros decides to reboot this shit franchise cause of what a failure this universe was.
The scene is also referenced in Infinity War lol
Got it. Of course. Silly of me.
except for JL 2 of course.
God I love this movie so much. I find myself watching clips from it constantly.
Gotcha. Also to be completely honest,  I'm gonna watch this movie. Unironically. It has the same writers as the show, but something just seems different. Like they're actually trying compared to usual. And damn it, I actually laughed pretty hard t *most* of this trailer. 
**MORE POUCHES**
He's not an artist
People downvoting you don't know their comic history.
Correct. According to interviews he was originally an exact rip off by the most unoriginal human being known as Liefield. Later right after Liefield left other writers quickly made him a parody of Deathstroke.
Good old Liefeld.
It's like CN decided to dump their entire catalog and play nothing but TTG although lately they've started mixing in a lot of their other shows so TTG isn't nearly as bad as it used to be but it still takes up the majority of their time slots.

I don't think Nick has ever been as bad as CN. Maybe they played a lot of Spongebob back in the day but I only see Spongebob every so often and Nick mixes in a lot of their shows so it's fine. I kind of wish they played more Fairly Odd Parents though.
Complaining about the writers poking fun at fans of the original *is* complaining about the writing of the show.
Yeah seems like I was wrong, they watched some episodes 

>He along with Michael Jelenic, admitted they never watched the entire Teen Titans original series, and merely watched selected episodes to get ideas for some Teen Titans Go! episodes.

But still the episodes that directly parody Teen Titans are few and far between, Dreams is one of the last episodes in the first season which had 52 10 minute episodes. 
1) So? Tons of references does not make it a parody of the original comics, most references are just showing toys in the background or such things.

2) Neah they do shit on some fans, for example a future episode had Nightwing married to Batgirl, but because people complained that he loved Starfire, they retconned it so that he ends up alone. And I remember there being a few more episodes that did that. 

3) Depends which comics, because Teen titans/Titans had some pretty terrible runs at some point. And also it had some pretty good episodes, not sure why you act like there was no depth or emotion and such, if you watch How long is forever and you feel nothing or you think it has no depth then i do not know what you want. And yes it had a ton of stupid jokee like TTG, but it also had serious moments, and quite frankly TTG takes the cake at making stupid jokes, saying waffles a thousand times in 10 minutes is not funny. 
What do you think he probes himself with? 
It'd be like if they brought back Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill for a new Batman series, that would be *the* defining Batman property for the next few years, and instead of doing all the stuff that made TAS so special and beloved, or even going *beyond,* it just made a flash-animated comedy where they made pee-pee jokes, and occasionally referenced the original series and said, "Haha, wasn't the original series great? Hey, here's Man-bat, isn't that a funny reference? Anyway here's a song about poo-poo." And then proceeded to take up the majority of Cartoon Network's timeslots.

Or for a more succinct comparison, what if they got Jared Leto to play the Joker?
nah man, I was talking about Justice League vs Teen Titans. Its an animated film and is really good. If you like the OG Teen Titans, I suggest checking it out.
1. Suicide Squad isn't that kind of comedy. 

2. Don't hate on Academy Award winner Killer Croc. 
LEGO Batman referenced and made fun of all the previous Batman movies and continuities, and it was hilarious.
*While* Superman/Atom was dating his ex, Captain Marvel.
I was thinking Ozymandias. 
I was expecting an actual counter argument to what I wrote (like, about the movie) instead of review scores but ok.

Glad you enjoyed it 
Oh, nothing is wrong with the story. Nothing at all. But visually it's old.
>And having repeat viewings and home release sales isn't something to brag about cause Marvel has DC beat in all that. 

Wonder Woman outgrossed every marvel movie last year and was the 3rd highest grossing movie of the year as well as the most profitable superhero movie lmfao, it was also the highest selling home release of last year but whatever, MaRVeL RuLeZ amirite?

>Yeah cause having a villian with bad CGI magic with little to no buildup and solely existing just for WW to defeat was surely a compelling third act. 

Ares isn’t a main character in WW and he isn’t even the villain, the movie flew over your head and it’s laughable. The only villain in WW is the people Diana spent the whole movie fighting for, which was the fucking point, Ares causes nothing that happened in the movie and only revealed himself at the end when WW was getting closer to stopping the war from continuing and ruining his plans. He represents the opposite of everything Diana is, it isn’t rocket science and there isn’t much too it. 
Your statement is also hilarious considering the third act of Iron Man 1,2,3, Antman,Incredible Hulk,Avengers 2 etc is literally exactly what you described, the only difference is the villains in those movie WERE actually supposed to be main characters and central villains but they were so poorly written and underdeveloped that they were as good as cardboard cutouts and the third act is just the hero punching some shitty cgi character you don’t give a fuck about. 


Wonder Woman has a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes and a 76 on Metacritic so its obvious the majority don’t share your shitty opinion


EDIT:Hahaha holy shit how could I forget the third act of Black Panther, that was some of the worst cgi I’ve seen in a blockbuster in recent times, tensionless, boring, stateless ps2 quality cgi third act
no spoilers!
That's the thing- I never actually thought TTG was ever poorly written. What I've seen of it usually made me laugh and so much of it is just DC in-jokes anyway. Plus, the art direction is top notch for the most part. 

But I don't think I could handle a full-length movie of it myself. I would love it if they brought out their A-game for such an occasion though. This trailer *is* reflective of their better material, so it should be fun either way. 

Still, at least CN's seemingly doing *something* right after what they just did to Steven Universe :p 
I love Deadpool, but let's not pretend that Liefeld created the character tabula rasa.


Nick used to be really, really bad about it.
  1. Where did I say parody?

  2. No, it doesn't shit on fans.

  3. I never said the old show didn't have a couple serious episodes here and there. You're proving my point about insecure fans.


You’re not getting the original Teen Titans back. The sooner you accept that, the easier it will be to not get butthurt over a children’s tv show.
You are aware there's [a Flash animated DC short](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL-VHe_4GmE) in which The Joker (**Mark Hamill**) and The Trickster (**Mark Hamill**) kidnap noted actor **Mark Hamill** to hold for ransom, but he uses his voice acting abilities to distract them until he can be saved by Swamp Thing (**Mark Hamill**), right?
Edgar Wright is a visionary.
Marvel fanboys on this sub pull out Rotten Tomatoes scores to back up Their opinion on BvS being bad, i’m Just doing my the same. Btw if Wonder Woman had bad review scores that’s the first thing you would use in your defence of why it’s bad so don’t give me that counter argument bullshit
Visually, it was an excellent and rare modern take on German Expressionism used in a contemporary movie. 
It still holds up for me anyway. That grimy gothic/old-timey look was too intentional to *not* look great today. Gotham City looks almost mythical, and I imagine that was the goal back when it came out. Plus, everything that plays out as a result of the story, like the news reports or the parade, are stunning in that same way. 

Unless you mean the awkward shuffle Batman does when he needs to look around, and other weird little visuals coming from those particular limitations. In which case.. yeah. That stuff is weird. 
I agree with your statement that a lot of Marvel villains are incompetent and poorly written especially in the early phases, that doesn't take away how bad the last few minutes of Wonder Woman were. Even Captain America does the period piece better than this and I thought that was just decent. And you keep bragging about the critical and financial success of WW when it's only film from the DC universe people liked. Wonder Woman is fine, but it's not the masterpiece you make it to be.

And lmao this dude is bashing the CGI of Black Panther, you probably haven't seen Justice League, have you?
I don't even want to think about that anymore... I 100% regret ignoring the warnings and looking up the leak anyway.  Fuck dude...
If Liefield had any creativity he'd have lost it after shoving it in a pouch.
Both Marvel and DC copy the other when warranted.  Not like X-Men or Man-Thing were entirely original.
I suppose so. But what do you do when someone mucks up an IP you liked so much? Should people unhappy with the DC cinematic universe just accept that they won't be getting a decent cinematic DC franchise and just stop being critical because they're "Just popcorn movies!"

Not being rhetorical, legitimate question.
Yeah, that's really funny. Once. But if you keep doing it, and there's nothing more to it, it gets stale.
The crossover universe we deserved.
"Marvel Fanboys pull out RT scores to back their opinion up.., im doing the same."

Alright... if review scores dictate how you much you enjoy a film I won't stop you.

And no, I would not use other people's opinions to enforce mine. 

When I said counter argument, again, I meant "discuss the movie, the scenes, the pacing, the acting, the music, etc." Not "Look at all the high scores the movie got."


>Even Captain America does the period piece better than this and I thought that was just decent. 

The movie that infantilised war and was a spit on the face to war veterans? Sure Jan. Your opinion is bad tbh, I know everyone has their own opinion but yours is just bad, Wonder Woman works as many things, a love story, a war film, a period piece, a fantasy etc Captain America is nothing more than a shitty superhero movie set against the backdrop of a heavily fictitious,disrespectful and unrealistic world war 2. Wonder Woman showed the brutality of war, the complexity of war and the casualties of war all within its PG-13 Rating perfectly and it also had themes necessary in today’s times that set it apart from the mindless superhero slog that is being pumped out today(like avengers infinity war)


>And you keep bragging about the critical and financial success of WW when it's only film from the DC universe people liked.

Well we are talking about Wonder Woman aren’t we and not the other dc movies, don’t try to shift the goalpost every time you get shut down. 


>Wonder Woman is fine, but it's not the masterpiece you make it to be.

Who said it’s a masterpiece? Every film has flaws, all I’m saying is Wonder Woman is far better than you say it is and is definitely fucking better than Lego Batman by a mile which is essentially just an overdrawn robot chicken dc sketch.

>And lmao this dude is bashing the CGI of Black Panther, you probably haven't seen Justice League, have you?

Nothing in Justice League even comes close to the terrible cgi rhinos, cgi stunt doubles and cgi models+shitty green screen in that movie
I actually tried to make a joke about him pulling Deadpool out of a pouch, but I couldn't quite get the punchline right.
>But what do you do when someone mucks up an IP you liked so much?

What's mucked up? TTG is a good show. Just because it's a different direction than the original show doesn't destroy the IP.
What is your problem
I disagree, especially compared to all the other shows that premiered in the same era.

At least Regular show got a movie too.
