Is this Eli Roth's Hugo?
This movie has *everything*:

&nbsp;

Tentacle monsters,


Jack Black throwing fireballs,


Roman J. Israel Escquire
This looks SO old school! Like someone reached back in time and pulled it from the 90's!
Wow, I'm actually intrigued. What a nice surprise. Would have liked to see my boy Kyle MacLachlan though. 
This is probably going to be the only time I say this in my life... But wow this Eli Roth kid's movie actually looks good (His tonal inconsistency might actually work for a family film too so holy shit)
I have that music stuck in my head now. I like it.
Surprised they didn't put "from the visionary of The Green Inferno and Death Wish" on there
IMO Children's horror is a hugely underrated genre and recently hugely underdone.

Scaring kids has fallen out of fashion; I'm going to guess a large part of that is complaining parents.

I just feel that a healthy dose of fear in family-friendly entertainment can do wonders in opening kids tastes or helping them find their taste in entertainment. 

From the 80's to the 2000's I feel like I can name a bunch of 'scary' movies that had enough fun, were based on childrens books, intended for kids or just regular movies with some really scary moments so that kids would enjoy being a bit scared.
From live action Gremlins, Beetlejuice, Ghostbusters, Hocus Pocus and The Witches to animated stuff like Nightmare on Elm Street, Coraline, Spirited Away or Monster House. They all feel so memorable.

Perhaps I'm just older and I've missed the more modern family friendly scary films but it honestly feels like they're just lacking these days. 


Jack Black has some serious Jonathan Frakes vibes going on in this trailer.
This looks awesome. Love the set design and the cinematography. A trailer that actually makes me want to see the movie!
Jack Black *almost* shot a magic missile at the darkness.  
Did Eli Roth really direct this? You sure this wasn’t Rob Letterman? Because this looks like Rob Letterman 
Just because I was curious, the longest movie title is much longer than this one. It's called:

Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Hellbound, Flesh-Eating Subhumanoid Zombified Living Dead, Part 2: In Shocking 2-D
Cate looks hela fine
I loved this book as a kid. Hope they do more of the series.
What a long title...

I do like Jack Black tho. 
This looks better than I expected, but it still looks to be an extremely poor adaptation. I'm thinking it'll do decent business with kids, but will largely be forgettable while alienating fans of the book.

Obviously they added a bunch of stuff. There aren't things popping out of closets in the book. In the book, the horror is effective and scary because other than minor bits of parlor magic, everything is low key and grounded and given time to build tension. When you find out what the clock is and what it does, it works because it's the first truly fantastical thing we encounter and the ONLY truly fantastical part of the book.

It looks like they weren't confident in the material or didn't understand the tone and threw in a bunch of Harry Potter stuff to make it more exciting.

The biggest gripe I have is that Lewis isn't fat. He's supposed to be FAT. In the book he's described as "moon-faced" and his insecurity about his weight is the reason he's a loner and outcast. He's a shy timid pale nerdy fat kid. It's a pretty massive part of his character in both this book and the sequels. He starts the book having literally just been orphaned and his insecurity about his weight plays a bigger role in the books than the loss of his parents. THIS should tell you how big of a mistake it is to make him skinny (or at least not fat).

Jack Black isn't imposing or mysterious or dangerous-seeming. More befuddled. You aren't supposed to be sure if the Uncle is a good guy or a bad guy for half the story even though you like him right away, but here we not only know Jack Black is a good guy, he seems like a push over.

Cate Blanchett is acceptable.

Edit: I feel like Roth is doing a remake of the House with a Clock in its Walls segment of "Vincent Price's Once Upon a Midnight Scary" rather than an adaptation of the book. 
https://youtu.be/nNnJHHK5Qdc?t=22m57s
Hela and Nacho Libre  
Galadriel and RL Stine  
Elizabeth and Po
I recognize that theme from Watchmen. Starting from 00:10seconds
https://youtu.be/o4vfhrDylUQ
Honestly trailer looks kinda shit. I really like the book and read it as a kid so I was excited for this trailer. The trailer looks like shit, and I hope the movie is better.
The bad CGI pumpkin and tentacles just look 1980s bad. Hopefully they use some practical effects as well, that killed nd of CGI takes me out of a movie quickly.
Starring

Kyle Maclachlan
This movie honestly doesn't look terrible considering Eli Roth. I'll definitely give this the benefit of the doubt.
This actually looks good !
I'm hoping this is successful and they do the other forgotten books in the series too.
looks lit 
Wow this actually looks promising 
WOW! this looks fantastic!!
This makes me want a "Thief of Always" adaptation.
I can't believe this is ELI ROTH's work? Looks cute and fun
Well I'm sold
I think I vaguely remember reading this as a kid. Is this one where [someone turns into a tree?](#spoiler)
This sounds like the writer was sitting in a room and wrote the first thing that he saw.... 

"The House with a Brown Ceiling Fan." 


If this does well, I could see an adpatation of the Figure in the Shadows and the Doom of the Haunted Opera in my lifetime...holy shit I never knew how much I wanted that.
Little bit of questionable CGI but it actually looks like it might be a good film for both kids and adults to enjoy since it looks like it pushes the spookiness slightly past what you expect from a PG film.
I can see a bunch of David Lynch fans watching this just for Kyle.
Looks very Tim burton esque—love it already!

The visual aesthetic also reminds me a lot of a series of unfortunate events—the series from Netflix. Also, jack black’s character gives off some serious count Olaf vibes here?

Also, when is this supposed to be set? 40’s? 50’s? 60’s? 70’s? 80’s? The present day? The kid’s clothes and hairstyle looks pretty 70’s or 60’s/50’s to me, but Cate Blanchett seems to have stepped out of the 50’s or 60’s, and jack black looks like he stepped out of the 50’s/40’s as well. Maybe Roth made the decision to make it deliberately anachronistic?
This looks really cool. It has my interest despite the director attached to it. Lol. 
Wow. This looks like one of the most interesting and inventive films I’ve seen since Harry Potter. Totally unique in the way it seems to blend children’s fantasy with horror. I can’t wait to see this. 
I thought YA movies were dead?
Yikes, that gag at the end was dreadful. I can't believe they actually made the kid say "*that's* safe?" Very reminiscent of some of the writing and child acting in The Phantom Menace.
Gave away a lot. Wish trailers had more restraint. But the concept looks great. 
Man, this looks like the best Harry Potter movie in years
I don't know... a lot of these fantasy horror family films seem promising enough, but then they're too light (Goosebumps), too cheesy (Hocus Pocus), too derivative (Miss Peregrine) or have no chance at succeeding (Hugo).

Nothing has, or unfortunately *will ever*, recapture the magic, wonder and financial success of Harry Potter.
Eli Roth is the logical choice to adapt a childrens's book. Also anybody else think that's a shitty title ?
How the fuck did Roth bag Jack Black and Blanchett for this movie? He’s not a great or even a good director 
ah was excited until you mention Eli Roth. How does this man keep getting work?
[deleted]
I'm confused, are you talking about the movie or New York's hottest club?
Dan Cortez.
I really liked the trailer too, especially the Universal logo. Cate Blanchett and Jack Black will probably have hilarious chemistry between them in this. Most of the CGI looked kinda bad though (But all the designs seemed good), I hope they polish it before release. 
Supernatural creator, Eric Kripke wrote the screenplay. I"m guessing there's going to be a lot of low key SPN references. He already came out as having written "one character" based on an SPN one.
I wish. It still definitely has the muted, artificial look of modern digital color grading, which is very different from anything shot in the 90s except for maybe the Matrix. 
Oh God the 90's are old school. Where has my life gone?! Nowhere! Nowhere! 
And not in a good way.
the casting i didnt know i wanted until just now
wondering if he has to hold back a bit with it being a kids horror and actually think about how the horror will work without going all out shocking 
Mishima soundtrack. Philip Glass. Check it out. Killer score. 
It's wonderful music. Just the first minute from the source, though. It breaks out into something quite fantastic.

Here's the original score. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9rB33JnvyM
See, I wondered why it looked more interesting than your average kids' film, if it's Eli Roth I'm pretty intrigued.  Reminds me a bit of Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, when I watched that movie, I actually thought it was a kid's movie, only later did I realize it was rated R. Looking at the MPAA's reasoning for why makes no sense, too, it clearly seemed like they were trying to make a scary kid's movie with it.

I wonder if this will get a PG rating or if it might be saddled with a PG-13 given that kind of history with the MPAA and spooky kid's movies.
I wouldn’t put Nightmare on Elm street under animated or family horror. Other than that I’d add Paranorman and the original Poltergeist to that list.
I was thinking Orson Welles vibes
That's absolutely who I thought it was.
Tenacious D 'n' D
"ROLL TO SEE IF IM GETTING DRUNK!"
Eli Roth isn't an artistic genius who could come up with the exciting world of a DVD copy of Shark Tale.
Italian giallo films had titles like this all the time, some favorites

Your Vice is a Locked Room and only I have the Key

What have you done to Solange?

The Bird with the Crystal Plumage

Five Dolls for an August Moon

The Night Evelyn came out of the Grave

https://mubi.com/lists/appreciating-the-tremendous-beauty-of-giallo-film-titles
& Knuckles
>  hela

https://i.imgur.com/a7aAlMh.gif
I must have read it a dozen times. So creepy and sinister. I have imagined how a movie adaptation would look for years 
All of John Bellairs books are very special to me, he was so ahead of his time, it was my Harry Potter growing up in the 80's.
Imagine if we get a Doom of the Haunted Opera movie...holy shit.
It was a pretty popular children's book when I was in school. I'm pretty excited that they're doing a movie.
[removed]
I think it looks ok, lets wait for next trailer before getting too excited
[It's in the walls!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSEqVqmYhrk)
Thank you.

I haven't been able to watch the preview yet but I take it they cast Jack Black as Uncle Jonathan? 

That confirms all my fears. 

It's a brilliant book. There's no way Hollywood is going to do right by it. 

Edit: I have now watched the preview. That's not the book I read and adored as a child. I'll be skipping this one. 
> The biggest gripe I have is that Lewis isn't fat. He's supposed to be FAT. In the book he's described as "moon-faced" and his insecurity about his weight is the reason he's a loner and outcast. He's a shy timid pale nerdy fat kid. It's a pretty massive part of his character in both this book and the sequels. He starts the book having literally just been orphaned and his insecurity about his weight plays a bigger role in the books than the loss of his parents. THIS should tell you how big of a mistake it is to make him skinny (or at least not fat).

This. And back when this book first came out in 1973, it was possibly the only kids' fantasy book to have a fat kid protagonist. Even today it's still rare.
Agreed on all counts. The trailer seems to miss the tone of the book completely, and even the style doesn’t match the books at all. And first thing I noticed when they showed Lewis was that he wasn’t fat or at least chubby. Like you mentioned, that is a core part of his character and drives some of his motivations. Really disappointed, I’ve thought it would be really cool to see this series made into movies, but not like this. I imagine this will turn out similarly to The Golden Compass.

Really surprised at all the comments saying that this looks good, but maybe those folks haven’t read the book? I just can’t look at this and detach myself from the book.
Not sure what you mean, the eclipse scene in the book is pretty fantastical. 
Mr. Robot comes into mind as well.
My God that film had the most uninspired and obvious music choices.
Ray Wise
Yes please- preferably with Peter Serafinowicz as all three Caretakers.
If you’re thinking of what I’m thinking of (on mobile and can’t click your link), that happens in one of the sequels.
Young adult is teenagers and up, this is a childs film...
This is all what's essentially the first chapter of the book. There's a huge event that happens about halfway through which the trailer doesn't even hint at.
How dare you dishonor the classic that is Hocus Pocus!
It makes sense with the events of the book, so no
He was pretty great as the [Bear Jew](https://imgur.com/gallery/pTKpBTN) but that is the only thing he has done I have enjoyed.
He's ok, he just works with bad material.
Jack Black's career was dying up until Goosebumps came out, this must have been in the "need a paycheck" mode that probably lead to him doing Jumanji 2, no matter how funny it was.
He's the Michael Bay of horror.
Adult, hard-R rated director decides to make a family movie with some magical fantasy elements to it.

That's what OP meant.
What 'Hugo' did you watch? I saw one with colour grading, automatons, clockwork mechanisms, early 20th C setting and a child protagonist that looks much like the one in this trailer (though a far better actor).
LOL
Some of the CGI feels deliberately cartoony and unrealistic to me, considering it seems to be a creepy movie for kids that shouldn't completely terrify them with realism. 
The CGI is still probably being worked on so it might turn out better in the finished film. 
I still assume 2008 was a couple of years ago. Instead of a freaking decade...
I knew i recognized it from somewhere. My HS band marched some Philip Glass.
i wouldn't be surprised if this'll be inspired by some of the 70's or 80's italian haunted house movies he loves but filtered, considering that it's from Amblin 
Haha, complete typo, meant to be Nightmare Before Christmas
Maybe even some John Rhys-Davies vibes
Gold Edition
I’m curious how it will turn out. The book is popular but it’s very soft. I imagine they’ll really have to ramp it up for today’s audience. 
One of my favorites and one of the only books to ever truly scare me as a kid. My mom gave it to me because she was sick of me reading disposable crap like Goosebumps. So it's fitting that this movie looks like it will be a cheap knock off of the Goosebumps movie...
Nice! 
That's parlor magic. Like a card trick. And for the eclipse, the planets first have to be in the proper alignment and only the people near Jonathon can actually see it. That's a lot different than casually having some sort of hentai monster in your closet like it's not a big deal.

It's David Blaine being able actually levitate 2.5 inches vs Someone owning a unicorn.
i believe that but the title still sounds convoluted and clumsy 
Tho Cabin Fever is just fine, the commentary was great.  Never did get around to The Green Inferno. 
[deleted]
The only thing I know him from lol 
the worst material he works with is his own, though.  the guy is a total hack.
He just gave what many are calling the best performance of his career in the new Gus Van Sant movie. 
Jack Black's career was not dying. He has been doing some good work. He's gonna be in Jumanji 2 because he DESERVES the paycheck he's going to get. 
In many ways, Michael Bay is the Michael Bay of horror. His production company was responsible for the shitty remakes of Texas Chainsaw, Nightmare, And Friday the 13th. 
[deleted]
I agree. When I was a kid, I could see wires on almost all the old sci-fi films. That made it less scary to me. My biggest nightmare has always been stop-motion monsters but I don’t know why their fake asses scare me so much. 
So did mine, it won us a lot of competitions! Great composer. 
Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry Series
I dunno about soft, but it's very low key. 90% of the stuff in this trailer is not in the book, so they're definitely adding a whole bunch more magic.
It’s somehow worse than Knock Knock 
Green Inferno is one of the few movies I turned off . I’ve given his movies plenty of chances but they’re mostly not enjoyable . I turn off 1 out of 50 movies and that was his . 
I had a blast watching the green inferno in theaters because everyone in the crowd was laughing at the movie. So I liked it, but for the wrong reasons.
Ah Green Inferno. A pretty enjoyable movie...

Until the end credit scene appeared, at which point I actually screamed “FUCK OFF!” at my tv.

I never knew how much an end credit scene could ruin a movie until I saw this movie 
Where did he say it was?
I see a bunch of bombs, middling indie comedies and occasional great performances. From 2009 to 2016, I wouldn’t want Jack Black in my movie. Goosebumps was his first successful project since King Fu Panda 2 (you could say 3 was the first since then but Goosebumps brought him back into the spotlight). He spent some time with Tenacious D during this period, which was more of a cult following. Year One and Gulliver’s Travels were colossal failures. Bernie and The Brink were critically successful but not financially so. And a good performance =/= a good movie, because The Polka King is a pretty crappy movie. 
No-one's suggesting that this is the quality of Hugo. Hugo is incredible: this looks bland. This looks like a wannabe-Hugo. The similarities in visual aesthetics are undeniable.
And Peggy.
I’m still excited and hopeful, but a little disappointed how they appear to have jettisoned the ‘low-key mystery and dread’ vibe of the books for a more obvious/whimsical tone.
I liked Knock Knock :'( 


Green Inferno is either just really truly terrible, or an outright horror parody that was advertised as a straight horror film. I laughed hard, but man was it bad. 
If they had picked a tone for the movie, it might have steered the movie to be almost passable, but when you're not sure whether to be terrified of the cannibals or giggle at the fart noises, the movie comes across a little muddled.
I need to watch some more of his stuff.  I feel like I was primed to like him based off of him having a similar taste in movies and Cabin Fever getting to me at just the right time.  Maybe he is not as good as I remember. 
Now I have a strange desire to see this. 
Part 2, the remix.
I'm not sure how you'd make "Lovecraft for kids" commercial, really.

This trailer at least looks like it's capturing something essential to why the book caught my imagination so much as a kid. Despite the differences. I mean, I read this book 25+ years ago, I don't really remember it, but I remember the effect it had on me. And I caught a whiff of that from this trailer, which was a pleasant surprise and maybe enough.
I liked Green Inferno :(
I've laughed hard during every single movie Eli Roth has ever made (except Hostel for some reason...didn't really enjoy that one).

He's got an uncanny ability to make everything as over the top as possible. You're not meant to take his films seriously.


I died laughing at the guy who was jacking off in fear and apparently enjoys being choked that he jacks faster...
Cabin Fever is alright. I haven’t seen it in a minute either . I’ve attempted to watch all of his movies and the one that was most accessible was Death Wish and that was subpar stuff too
I have a hardcover of the first three stories that i've had since I was in high school. i'll probably give it a re-read and see if it still holds up, but I remember really liking the world and its theme of the strange lurking just behind the walls. 
I am really worried about seeing Death Wish.  That movie had its time in the 70s but to try to do the "white guy with a gun" with everything that is going on these days?  I can't imagine it will play well. 
I rewatched both of his Hostel movies recently and they hold up for me.  They encapsulate the xenophobia happening around the time of the Iraq war where international opinions on America were very negative.  

Horror movies are like time capsules for the politics and issues of a time period, and Eli Roth really fits into that early to mid-2000s period.  For that reason I'm always willing to give him a shot, even though he hasn't impressed me for a while.
Nope totally came out in the wrong time. Alright movie with some funny moments.
