Remember when Mila Kunis was going to be the next biggest thing only 8 years ago. 
This seems like they thought of the name and worked back from that.
Oh boy. Something tells me this will be one of those movies you can rent at home as “In the Cinema right now!”
This movie just screams 20% on Rotten Tomatoes. 
Oh look, Jamie managed to make it through the stones!
And here I thought for a brief moment it was an Austin Powers spinoff.
And they have an international Assassin. 
I got unreasonably excited when I saw those *Casino Royale*-esque title sequence shots. But the rest of the trailer was pretty weak.
Looks fun. I like silly spy movies. Hell, I like "If Looks Could Kill." 

Maybe I have bad taste. *shrugs*
Why didn't they make a sequel to the movie Spy with Melissa McCarthy?
Kate McKinnon needs a better agent.
I don’t know what everyone in this thread is talking about. That looked super fun to me. Y’all were super pumped for the Hitman’s Bodyguard last year and that had a very similar “fun for one watch” feel. 
I love McKinnon, but boy does she need to find better movies.
I'm shocked Kate McKinnon only mugged for the camera once or twice in this trailer.
Hollywood always loses money trying to make Kate McKinnon happen.
Well, that looks awful.
God I hate the mini ad telling me this is the teaser trailer before seeing the teaser trailer. Just cut the first 5 seconds.
I miss good, well written comedies. It seems like every comedy that comes out now has to have some mediocre action movie gimmick with a few scenes of bad improv comedy scattered throughout. the actors all act, like, soooooo awkward, like, isn’t it funny how awkward they are in this craaaaazy situation? 
My wife would love this. Kate McKinnon, however, tells me that this will suck.
This sure looks like a movie!
Looks boring
Flooooooooooop
Kate McKinnon is always a red flag for a movie.
This is gonna make about $3 at the cinema.
I still want to see a spy comedy that is much in vein with Knight and Day. Cruise killed it.
This is going to be good on Netflix.
I came here for Sam Heughan :( where is he? I saw about 2 seconds of his face.
Don't really care about the movie but I want [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZsYiWBgFOk&feature=youtu.be&t=60) picture of Kate McKinnon as a wallpaper.
You know, this movie screams made-by-committee but I'm way more into this than I was Ghostbusters or Bad Moms (the latter of which turned out to be quite funny, actually).
This feels a lot like Game Night, which was really good. I probably won't see it, because I don't go out to the movies that often, but if I did I bet I would like it
Is feeling good the new soundtrack for spy/action trailers?
I wasn't really feeling it until the end bit, then it all came together.

Hopefully it's more of that "comedic-action spy movie-send-up stuff by a couple of people out of their depth" rather than almost...everything else on display.
"We just want to talk about your boyfriend."  
"But he dumped me."  
"Drew wrote Iron Man 2."  
"I'm sorry, what?!"
This kinda has Outrageous Fortune vibes to it..sort of digging it. I just don't think Mila Kunis feels right for this movie.
OH SHIT! My man Justin Theroux is in this. Lit. 

But the movie looks shit. 
At .58 I thought it was Josh Radnor, and I got excited to see Ted again. It's not Ted =\
this has premiere red box rental written all over it.
Excuse me. You forgot to name the most important person in this film: Justin Theroux.
Really can't tell if this will be good or bad, but they used ["Feeling Good" by Michael Bublé](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edwsf-8F3sI) for the trailer. So, it's got that going for it.
Guess this one aint for me
Not feeling this, but that minion joke made me laugh.
I'll bet anybody that this will sink without trace at the box office
In 1995, the advert for Jack & Sarah offered money-back guarantee to people who didn't enjoy the film - they should offer that too for this film to see how much money it'll make

Sorry but I didn't find anything funny in this trailer and I won't too in this film
It's funny how much /r/movies hates movies with a main cast of females lmao.  
Obviously, if you thought this wasn't funny, it's because misogyny and sexism.
Just when you think she went away....... I have a feeling we're going to get a bunch of shitty Kate McKinnon movies soon.
Yay, another shitty girl gets dumped by (insert successful male archetype here) and sets out for petty revenge movie. Just what we needed.
Annoying.
Will Kate ever b cast in anything really good it's not fair she def talented
ACK! This outta be good! /s
Not gonna lie that trailer sold me on seeing this.  
This sounds like the title of a movie Mike Myers should be in...but he's in a different Spy movie...a serious one?

Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..........
First I got really exited because for some reason I thought it was going to be a new Austin Powers when I saw the title, then I read the rest :(  

The movie looks fun though and I look forward to it.
[removed]
She became a mom and decided to slow down her acting career. 

Then Jupiter Ascending destroyed what she had going in the first place
I don't know why she keeps doing such boring comedy movies.  At the start they marketed her as the "guy's girl" but she's not had much that's been edgy and challenging.  Alicia Vikander's career is sort of what I'd have expected from her.  I think maybe that's she's in her 30s now I can see her doing a Mary Elizabeth Winstead/Smashed, Anne Hathaway/Rachel Getting Married, Sandra Bullock/28 Days type of movie??
Yeah if only she had a long running TV show to fall back on...
Burn!!!
I don't dislike Mila Kunis, but I think she's been in maybe two good movies ever.
Yeah, I think Kate McKinnon is really funny, but she has yet to find success in movies.   I hope this isn’t another Ghost Busters.   Or Rough Night.  Or Office Christmas Party.   Or Ted 2.  Or Sisters.
Something tells me I will watch this movie on an airplane.
I was excited for a second :(
[deleted]
/u/mi-16evil ONE OF US ONE OF US
Yeah boi, Griecs is the bomb in ILCK. 
> . Hell, I like "If Looks Could Kill." 

There are dozens of us!  
I didn't like the last bit but I thought the rest of it looked decent.
Same here, also liked Keeping Up With The Joneses
Stathem was fucking hilarious in that. 
some of those shots on a European street could very well have been lifted from *Spy*!
I guess but she doesn't seem to strive in a long production environment, she has been in several films and I don't think they have done well.  She seems to be more of a master of "on the fly" type of comedy or shorts.  When projects allow her to improvise it seems like the editors/director can't do it in a way to allow it to mesh with the movie, like ghostbusters.
Or maybe this really is the best she can do. Crap
People are mad at Kinnon still it seems. What’s otherwise issue with a silly spy comedy?
Hitmans Bodyguard was terrible though.
I laughed at the minion thing. 
it's a "turn off your brain, get drunk and laugh at bad jokes or silly moments"-movie. just like many others bad comedies that kind of become good/great because they are so bad (f.e. How High) 

edit: why the downvotes?
That was the worst acting i have seen in a long time, especially Mila Kunis Friend...wow
How can you tell?
the music video for buble's rendition is pretty much a spy film.
Man, what the fuck is Justin Theroux doing?!?! The guy is legit fire in *The Leftovers* and wrote *Zoolander* & *Tropic Thunder*, why is he in such shit 90% of the time?!
Yea

Remember when everyone here just SHIT all over Annihilation?


Oh, wait...
Because clearly, it can't be that both of these actresses have long strings of mediocre to poor comedy films, it has to be sexism.
*bad movies

FTFY
I'm a traitor to my gender then because that looks pretty bad.
Imagine how women feel about most action movie formulas that get made 1,000 times. 
Snowflake.
It's a spoof dude, chill the fuck out. They even had a joke about women not being able to drive stick *just for you.*
I love Jupiter Ascending in an it's so so bad it's good way.
Well, Newt Scamander still managed to win that Oscar.
Nah what destroyed it was the Ukrainian reporter incident. 
I agree but more of an Mary Elizabeth Winstead because Anne and Sandra both have Academy awards. 
Do you think that matters to her? She gets paid millions of dollars to act (which she loves) and live a great life. Why would she not do boring comedy movies if it allows her to life that kind of life. 
She is super rich and has 2 kids under 4.  She has had 2 tv shows go over 200 episodes, and now is producing shows.  Why would she want to be stuck on a long interview circuit talking about some art film few will see.

The Book of Eli was good.  I really liked her in that.
Or 2.  Both of have over 200 episodes and on TV constantly.
I love Forgetting Sarah Marshall so much.
I don’t think it’s her, but the writing of the movies she ends up in. 
I’m guess Extract and Forgetting Sarah Marshall?  Or is American Psycho 2 one of them?
Friends with Benefits was a decent rom com
Well said
Maybe she is funny but just not in movies? 
Rough night was hilarious
Rough Night I thought was pretty good, except for basically being a remake of Very Bad Things. 
I will download it and watch it on a second screen while I do other things. 
Love it
What show?
GRIECO 4 LIFE!
 This is Mother 
Don’t underestimate the appeal of Michael Corbin.
Whyvare they mad at her in the first place?
Every 40 something, stay at home mum with a half empty bottle of wine and a blu ray of Despicable Me 2 would agree.
Sadly this movie doesn't even seem to go the extra mile to be really good bad. Instead it's just bad and will be forgotten. 
You probably got downvoted because "turn off your brain" has become a moviescirclejerk-esque joke that has beaten to death like the Moon jokes.
Yup. I do the same for every marvel movie. So much fun. 
[For the lazy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edwsf-8F3sI)
"Girl on the train" too :( 

He was OK in The Last Jedi tho. For his 3 seconds screen time. 
Should've said comedies featuring an all woman cast. Do a search on reddit or google for comedies that came out recently or the past 5 or so years. You'll never find a discussion, or the trailers will be downvoted. Prove me wrong.
This is the same sub that defends Dredd with a fiery passion. Dumb action is only ok when it's directed at men. 
Wasn't there an influx of Jane Wick movie lately?
[removed]
[removed]
You sound like the people whomdo pranks and then when it gets shit on,they claim its a 'social experiment'
On reddit I only see polar opposite opinions of this movie. It's never "Jupiter Ascending was ok" ... I should check it out ha
It's my favourite film where Sean Bean is also a bee. 
I was really disappointed it was bad. Everytime a movie comes out that has actually original production design it always end up bad. 
I love dogs too.
I know that it’s not a good movie, but I really enjoyed it. I have it on DVD and I still love it after a few rewatches. I don’t really get the hate it gets, it’s a kind of bad that’s really fun to watch. 
More like it's so bad it's so bad
I still can't believe how far the wachowskis fell. 
Why? Unless I'm thinking of a different incident. 
Plus it must be fun to have an acting job with female justin bieber.
Because it’s like... don’t you respect yourself?
I thought she was terrible in that movie. She didn't act like a post-apocalyptic survivor. She acted like teenager Mila Kunis.
I never understood why people say she’s hot until I saw book of Eli 
Yes. Enjoyed it so much. It's one of the few movies I'll watch over and over, but not many people know it when I talk about it
Bad Moms was terrible writing that was well acted. She’s got potential if she can break through to better scripts. 
So basically you're saying she needs a new agent.
Black Swan and Forgetting Sarah Marshall
Great movie 
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
I think its her style of comedy.  SNL lets her be overboard and that doesn't translate to the big screen unless the movie calls for it (Although I will say the she was one of the funnier people in Ghostbusters).  
The leftovers. 

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2699128/


There's no time to explain right now but you are...  The French Teacher...

I understand.
Because she was fucking atrocious in Ghostbusters...like an inexplicable performance.
I haven't even gotten around to watching *Girl on the Train* yet. :/

Wasn't he a voice in that shitty new *Lego: Ninjago* movie too? This fucking guy needs to get his shit together already... The dude can do great work both on and off screen, he just *chooses* to be a part of things that suck soooooo haaarrrrddddd. 
The only comedies I can think of that had an all-female cast and were actually rated well are Bridesmaids and Girls Trip so...... two.
Whatever gets you through the day.
I haven't seen any hate for Oceans 8 outside of a few comments. Annihilation is very highly regarded on here. Again, people like good movies and this movie looks bad. It's not always the evil patriarchy. 
Save it for the fellas at the lodge, grandpa. Nobody here gives a fuck.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Except Bad Moms and girls trip did very well. Maybe they just want to make money and not every movie is for you dude. 

You sound like an old person shaking their hands at rock and roll. 
Triggered snowflake.
>Ghostbusters....Oceans 11........Bad Moms....now spy movies...

bruh you complained about "another movie genre" then gave three examples of movies, not genres. No one can take your opinion seriously
https://i.imgur.com/nnwVNui.png
Melissa McCarthy in another spy comedy actually sounds like a lot of fun though
You sound like the kind of person who is a virgin until they're 30 and blames women 
Honestly the only unenjoyable parts are the overabundance of action scenes. Everything is so melodramatic that it just becomes hilarious
[deleted]
I too actually love the movie.  It’s really bad, with so many stupid stupid plot points, but it’s so fun at the same time.  
Bees won't sting a queen
It's just movies. 
I can't tell you how many times I've seen that movie. One of favorite comedies. 
Forgot about Black Swan.  Well I would say Extract is another good one.  I love everything Mike Judge makes.  
I’d add Ted to that list.  And if minor roles count, I’d add Date Night.  And if insignificantly small roles count, I’d add the Family Guy Star Wars movies.
- Wayne Gretzky (- Michael Scott)
She was the only part of that movie I thought was entertaining 
[deleted]
Not really a compliment though
If not the only funny one.  
When I watched the move it felt like she was the only one who wanted to do it.  The rest of the cast was mopey. 
Death Becomes Her

Mean Girls

Clueless

Just a few off the top of my head, but I wasn't aware we were moving goalposts.
Well and it is insanely repetitive. Save Jupiter, save Jupiter, save Jupiter again aaannnddd finally save Jupiter. And it’s the same unexplained wolf thing guy doing the saving every time in very identical ways, smash in, fuck shit up, escape.
I think the big problem with Jupiter was the plot. 

Opposingly, the big problem with Valerian was the Actors.

Though Cara was severely better than she was in Suicide Squad. Dane was a bad choice though, no part of him screams leading man from absurd space opera french comic book

I think people are more willing to overlook miscast actors than a story that feels like something out of a highschool short story. Also Channing Tatun's hair was fucking ridiculous in Jupiter. No one could overlook that.
It's your profession.  Strive to be the best.
>attempts to declare what's funny and what isn't

>writes this post

yeah no
I have a friend who loves Jupiter Ascending. She hates it when I describe it as "Space Cinderella, except at the end, instead of marrying the handsome prince and living in the castle, Cinderella goes back to scrubbing toilets and fucks the dog."
Or do what satisfies you
Ya...ok. Strive to make as much money as you can. 
That's a very empty way to live life.  Not to mention, I'm sure Mila Kunis has enough money already.
Empty way to live life? How? Money can't buy total happiness but going for a higher salary as your goal for work allows you to support your family, live comfortably, travel, etc. It can support your hobbies and interests outside of work. If you make enough you can even find time to volunteer or donate to causes that matter to you. 

It's ok that money is a motivation. 
Money is a great motivator!  I'm saying that a life goal of, "Striving to make as much money as you can" is a low-level way of living your life.  If you're in your profession simply to make money, then I suggest looking into dealing drugs as that's more lucrative.  Your profession should be an extension of yourself and build character.  The best actors (or all professionals) their self-fulfillment is trying to be the best, and growing as an individual.  Nothing wrong with money, but if that's a person's complete obsession then they have a hollow existence. 
