I just gotta wonder, how many crazy masks can they come up with for these movies and have them be the youtube thumbnail for the trailers or in the posters.
Thing I never got with these movies is how few buildings are on fire/burning the next morning.

Like an arsonist would have a hayday lighting off firebombs and torching buildings knowing no emergency services would ever come to put em out. So much infrastructure would be lost by the next morning, especially if there was even anything remotely close to a coordinated group making the attempt.

Like, does the TSA and boarder patrol take a day off too? Wouldn't everyone just line the boarders and invade come purge night?
LOL @ the "what have I done?" by the doctor, like what did you expect to happen? 
It looks like Marisa Tomei is supposed to be a somewhat sympathetic character. I hope she gets an extremely fitting death if this was all her character's idea. 
This looks extremely dark.  

no literally, I could not see what was happening in this trailer. 
I like the direction this franchise ended up taking after the first movie. In the first one, the entire country can do whatever it wants for 12 hours and it focuses on one family in a house? The sequels while nowhere near perfect, are fun.
Looks to be a lot darker than the other 3 Purge films. 

It doesn't look bad. 
Do you think if The Purge announcement did not include the words “including murder,” fewer people would actually go around killing people, and would just spend the night, I dunno, robbing banks or jaywalking and shit?
So this what Aunt May does when peter is not around. 
Was that Beth from This is Us?
This looks like a trailer for a movie inside of another movie when the characters are in a movie theater. 
I'm genuinely curious how they convince the American public this is an acceptable thing. I think in the first one they said it was put in place by "our new founding fathers" or something similar. 

So either we get to see the big event (vote/terrorist attack/protest gone wrong) that lead to this happening or it'll happen just before the movie starts and we will be seeing the aftermath of it. 

Just looking at the trailer it seems very similar to the previous two now and the formulas getting a bit stale. There's weird characters with freaky masks, a not to subtle undertone about about hunting minorities and poor people and people running aimlessly through dark and narrow streets. Add in some crazy death cult and you have the whole package.

I like it as a silly premise but they could do so much more than just have it be a giant murder fest. There's so many things people can do while all crime is legal except kill each other.
Damn I love these movies.
So do all the decent people just drive to Canada for the night?
thought it was just a fan made trailer up until a minute. second half looked like an action movie trailer. im down
I'm extremely happy that they didn't forget the lore they already built - that people weren't inherently kill crazy (because on a night you can do anything why would everyone suddenly become *just* killers?) and instead the american government used it as a way to purge low income and minority citizens themselves. 

It's basically the entire crux of the movies - these things are B movie goreporn political satires. It argues about all the shit that the american government does that makes lives worse or ends them, and shows that by just having the government literally slaughter them.
I have a feeling this will turn out to be the same as the previous two. 

I love the purge universe but I want to see the consequences of purging or rather, the day **after** the purge.

Let the movie start with a purge and show us how the world tries to go back to normal after the purge(in this case, the first purge would have been the perfect movie to do that) and then end with a second purge where the victims try to get their revenge or whatever.
One planet just called it "Murder Night". 
First one was ok.  2nd one was actually pretty good.  3rd one was meh.    But one question i never asked while watching any of them was how it all started.  It's unnecessary.  You accept the premise when you watch the movie.   It doesn't need to be explained...

And they say video games cause violence....
Lame
I work in downtown Buffalo right on the water front.  Even though it's a horror flick I was excited that they filmed in my city so they could showcase the natural beauty that often gets over looked nationally for stories about snow, chicken wings and Buffalo Bills loses. Nope, they turned the camera around and filmed the crappy apartments that are in discussions to be torn down.  
i loved the first and second purges but thought the third was the biggest pile of shit i ever scene. not seeing this one.
The first one was so bad. The son was one of the worst written characters I’ve ever seen.
BLM vs the government lul ok
ResidentSleeper
I really liked this series - until now. They've made even this a racial move . A whole movie about how the white man puts down the black man to further promote hatred and show the divide. I'm getting so sick of Hollywoods gender and race politics. Won't be seeing this movie- refuse to support more of the race war they're brewing intentionally. 
The Purge is a nothingburger
These film's try to act like there showing how the human mind works and what would make someone want to kill someone. This film will be no different. No psychology, no what makes people tick. Just gory deaths with no interesting characters at all. That being said, i'll still probably see it lol what can I say? I'm a sucker for pointless slashers who just provide bloody deaths and unlikable characters. For a franchise with a unique plot, they definitely went the pointless gore route.
How many of these "white people are evil" movies are they gonna make? 
"Black lives matter" the movie.


Fuck off, I'm not seeing this trash 
Why do these kind of franchises still going on?

This one specifically is a collection of plot holes, why do people like these movies?
If you came here to wonder if you should watch the preview, don't.  I'm not usually one to complain about preview spoilers, but this was pretty blatant.
Fair play to Joivan Wade went from Mandem On The Wall to this 
Looks awful. Shame cause the second showed promise.
The Purge is definitely my guilty pleasure series, its so silly, but so well done. A good balance of action and horror. 

Everyone talks about how in reality everyone would rob Best Buys and throw parties, and I like how the trailer referenced that and how this movie is showing how the Purge world is largely set up by the government. 
I thought The First Purge did some interesting things but was ultimately too much filler. [This](https://thefilmguys.blog/reviews/augusts-reviews/the-first-purge-2018/) covers it to me.
Looks like they are trying to do the whole Black Panther treatment. Can't say I'm a fan... 
Oh cool another minorities vs. evil wypipo movie I won't be watching.
What year is this supposed to be set in?  For some reason when I first heard about this movie I expected it to be 1900s, instead it looks like late 90s at the earliest.
That hair style does not look great on Tomei, she's so much better with a natural look.
Part 3 was so fucking boring, unfortunately. Here's hoping this one doesn't suffer the same fate, because part 2 was legitimately badass.
Why does the stupid movie poster for this probably mediocre movie have 10x more upvotes? Strange. 
The first three movies barley scrapped the bottom of the barrel in its political position so I hope this one delves on it deeper.
I don't know. I'm not really curious about the origins. I just want to see more crazy shit set on purge night. But we'll see. Maybe it'll be good.
[deleted]
No trump? That's the only thing the piqued my interest in this shit. 
I'm guessing this one is going to be exactly like the other two. Some really interesting and fresh ideas poorly executed.
They reused a mask from "Election Year" in this thumbnail. Apparently they couldnt come up with any new masks.
They could add in an orange presidents mask.
Also why is it all murder? I would just sit in my house and download all the games and movies and cars that I want!
White collar crime would be the biggest thing to happen during these "purges."
I agree & I don't understand how all they are killing random people and feel no guilt after the fact? Not everybody in these movies can be complete sociopaths. 
That's what's always bothered me too.  And buildings that had cars crashed into them, cars that were destroyed in general.  Every city would be losing so much money on constantly having to fix infrastructure that it'd be hard to justify keeping the tradition alive. 
 Also what about situations where you know your neighbour or co-worker killed your wife but can't do anything about it because they did it on the purge?  Are you just supposed to wait until the next year's to get them back or is there any legal action you can take since the effects of that would definitely be ongoing.  Sure most people wear masks when they purge but there would definitely be cases where someone wouldn't or it came off or something.

I think the premise is really neat, but they seem to try and ground them in reality too much.  They'd be much better films if they were a little less 'realistic' and had more fun with the premise as like a dystopian future type thing.  The way it's portrayed there are way too many holes in the premise with how many laws would have massive new grey areas.  It's hard to suspend the disbelief because it tries so hard to have this message that our society is close to establishing this tradition, when in reality there are a million reasons why our government would never approve this.  I know it's just a movie, but I feel like the internal logic of the movie just doesn't work at all and in that way it loses a lot of potential.
Id work at a bank break in and then just transfer everyones funds to myself
Ive always said they should have incorporated some concept of a militarized firefighting forcé that will just steamroll the fuck out of everybody. 
And the graffiti cleanup must be insane
Seriously or identity theft and cyber crime. There would data breaches out the ass. 
Maybe. But anyone not willing to risk their life would probably just stay home instead.
Not to mention the literal metrics tons of hard drugs that would be moved by cartels that night.
I was thinking about what happened during the LA riots.  
During those 3 days, almost 4000 buildings were burned down.  
I imagine they ground all flights and keep all border agents on one side
People probably defend their property. Would it be worth going out and risking your life just to destroy some shit? The people out killing are legit psychos or people out for revenge and shit. Based on what we are shown, most people try to stay in their homes.
> how few buildings are on fire/burning the next morning.

they'll have a few smoke pots going to simulate the fires going around, but the production company can't afford to burn down a gang of buildings. gotta cut a few corners to eke out a profit, ya know
If this was real I would just paint the town orange 
>government officials of “rank 10 or higher” cannot be harmed and you can only use weapons below “Class 4”.
Maybe if the results and damages to property pass the 24 hour mark you get fingered with the blame? 

I don’t think that makes sense because of all the murder but....
How was she supposed to know that promoting a program that makes violent crime legal would lead to violent crimes? She’s only a psychologist. 
I laughed at that too. "What have I done?". Yeah, you literally did the worst thing. 
I think she’s more sad that the government is using the Purge as an opportunity to assassinate community leaders like presumably the main characters to quell dissent the other 364 days of the year. Or at least that’s the vibe I got. 
I hope she didn't get that haircut on Purge night because that hair dresser needs to be prosecuted
Oh come now. Scientists set up a dinosaur park, a park where there are robots with guns and those all were perfectly safe
i assume she'll go by herself or with private security and give the rebels the military's plans

eh, it kinda looks like she intentionally pushed things over the edge when it was clear people weren't participating.
And sacrifices herself a la Deep Blue Sea. 
I recently watched the first one and for the purge announcement certain government officials are exempt from being targeted in the purge. For example, you can't wipe out the entire Congress or kill the president.

I'm going to assume she has that government protection status and doesn't die in the movie but just regrets everything. Or, tries to kill the official who used military but dies valiantly trying.
I'm excited for the Law and Order-esque procedural that deals with the all the legal and civil suits that arise after each Purge. 
I still want a comedic Purge movie about silly crimes. Like I'd love a movie where a group of film students remake Star Wars in one night because there's no copyright laws.
I always liked the first two as a package from a like socio-econimc standpoint. I felt the first film represented what the purge was like from an affluent perspective/means of protection, while the second was from the perspective of the poor/no means of protection. 
I feel the purge has so much it can tell. While i wasn't grabbed by the first movie I always hoped they took the idea further.
> The sequels while nowhere near perfect, are fun.

They also seem to be all the same. People with masks, violence in streets, a do-gooder, some innocent people, and a bunch of pro killers.
I love the Purge Universe! So fun to follow
The premise is brilliant. None of the films live up to it even a little bit. At least the first one has a solid ending. Telling us rich, white, conservative Christians are evil is fine, I guess, but I'd like to be entertained while they're preaching.
I agree, hopefully this one can show a greater level of impact that the purge causes to a country and not just one family like the first one did.
third was shit. 
The first one had a very low budget, hence it being stuck in one house

It made money, the sequels had higher budgets, so they’ve been doing the concept more justice

Is that not obvious?  Or do you just like complaining?
The Creed of the Purge films?
That's what they said about the last prequel movie...   
Wow. This. 
IIRC in the second movie you find out that the Purge isn't actually to "release pent up emotions" or whatever that excuse was. The real reason for the Purge was a way for the government to essentially execute undesirables legally. Its basically the rich elites wiping out low income housing and families or "the vermin of society".

Seems like thats how the law got easily passed  
It looks like people mostlu have fun and just use the purge as a way to party or whatever minus the psychos who want to use it to kill.

But the government sees its not working. Sends their own boys in to slaughter everyone and probably shows the corpses or the results to the media to "thank" all those who participated which eventually gets the ball rolling
Just get the right people to make it law and I think a lot of people would go with it

Sounds like it starts slow in this one - “they’re just having parties” - but sending in soldiers to kick things off (to kill black people???) will get everyone fighting

It lets the maniacs do what they want to and forces the sane people to fight for their lives or even to attack preemptively

It starts slow, but when the soldiers light the fire, it would probably catch pretty fast

Trick is what happens when they say “times up, stop killing” for the first time?
Considering the amount of morons that actually thought something like the Purge could actually happen to our America it gets harder to question these dumb movies.
Dont't know about you but I'm more curious about who cleans up the day after. Like is there a clause in the contract which states that everyone helps tidy up the blood or do they have a special service type thing?

That is the real question.
I haven't seen any of the movies but isn't it defended on a theory that allowing people to let out their violent steam once per year will lead to overall crime reduction?
I don't know why but i feel a lot of Americans are trigger happy idiots
I read a really great comment on here one time that said they'll make so many of these movies that at some point, someone will make a genuinely good one - the idea has tons of potential. The guy who created the series seems to be setting up to pass the torch; he only wrote this one, as opposed to both writing and directing like the previous ones. This franchise would greatly benefit from new blood every entry.
that is what i never understood like kill naaa man ill go hide out in a bank and then just take that money 
the tv shows is addressing that....
But...why not? I mean...we already know what they are and what started them, this one just explains how everyone turned into psychos. This one seems like mainly the soldiers are doing the killijg
I agree.  I feel like the more they try to explain the origins of the Purge and make it seem like something plausible the dumber it's going to look.  The suspension of disbelief was necessary for the first movie because you had to already accept the premise.  Now they're trying to explain the premise and the suspension is going to be harder and harder to maintain.
But muh political satire!
They want to bankrupt hollywood, can't blame them for trying.
Dude... you think the mainstream movie going audience cares about “plot-holes” ? Don’t be naive, people watch these movies to be entertained
I have yet to see any of these movies. Are they all about white people murdering black people? That's what this trailer tells me.
2010s. It has Van Jones who is currently working at CNN.
Kek
do all of these movie doctors go to the same university as Doctor Evil?
Their advertising for the last film made some jokes about the election.
Theres no way they dont
This movie might be exploring WHY that is, since one plot point of this movie seems to be that people AREN'T going out murdering each other the first chance they get when the first purge starts and the government has to essentially force them to.
Financial Crimes and other "white collar" crime would be insane. 

Every company would be offering huge bonuses for employees to work that night so they could pull off crazy illegal shit like imagine a pharmaceutical company? 

Every researcher in the world would be doing Non-FDA approved testing of new drugs ... directly on humans. 


Because in-universe, the government has established this new order to cull the herds of the poor. It's only ever been confronted in the films on a surface-level and very superficially at that. But it's always been there.

The suspended laws for 12 hours aren't designed to make people go out and riot and loot the stores that they'll be patronizing the other 364.5 days out of the year. It's so the rich and the elite can kill off the meek, the ones that are "bleeding the country dry."

Race has always been danced around in the series. The first one obviously had a poor black man seek refuge in the callous, rich white family's home, but that was about it - they never really explored the idea that a poor black man was being hunted by a bunch of rich, white millenials and the overall impact of that image. They even kind of pussed out and made it about the white family in the end.

 The second and third had a bit more of an overt confrontation of race without ever really embracing it as a theme. This one seems like it's using a jackhammer to point out the issue of race in The Purge. I doubt this will be particularly good - they're all pretty bad in a good way; I enjoy them more for what they *could be* than what they *are* if that makes sense - but I'm glad that it seems as though they're really embracing this agenda.

My guess is that the film starts and nobody really wants to purge. It's just some weird new thing the government is doing, and most people are really not murderous heathens. But the government intervenes and attacks a poor minority population in an effort to show that "it works" and is "effective," while subconsciously preying on the weaknesses of racist thinkers. Eventually, what was viewed as a failure becomes a staple in society because the country has been collectively "gaslighted" or "hoodwinked." Again, I doubt that it'll be made competently or make any real thought-provoking points, but it should be interesting enough to at least check out on a lazy day.
It's pretty strange that it's all murder. You know there would be just as much arson, robbery, rape and financial crimes that would be committed over the course of this lawless time.
Why do people always ask this question about where all the non-violent crime is as if the series is trying to be a serious exploration of its topic?

These are more or less exploitation films. People are only going to watch them because of the murder.
I'm a simple man. I'd just go and trash ATMs and rake in all the $$$$ and have hooker orgies. 
I would loot the shit out of grocery stores. 

All the money I spend on toiletries, detergents, and other household product every year is ridiculous. 

Those chains have been "Purging" my bank account for years. Its payback time. 
Send the 12 year old to buy some booze and lotto tickets. 
You can download cars? How come I haven't heard of this sooner?
YOU WOULDN'T STEAL A CAR. DOWNLOADING PIRATED FILMS IS STEALING, STEALING IS AGAINST THE LAW. 
Yeah I'd hit up the hardware store a few days before to get the tools necessary to break into buildings, and go on a looting spree.
You fucking maniac 
Yea I'd defenitely break into a dealership and steal a car or two
You wouldn't do that, WOULD YOU? 
Why not just raid best buy ?
Also organised crime. The cartels would be moving a years supply of drugs and guns around that night.
Not everyone kills. In the previous movies, many people just hide in their homes.
It's probably an alternate reality where everything is privatized. The purge destroying infrastructure would create jobs to fix them, lowering unemployment. 
Yeah what if someone starts a fire while it's legal, then after the purge, the fire spreads to another building and kills someone.
How could she have known, though? It's not like there's some sort of [infamous study done in the 70s that literally every psychology student ever has studied.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_prison_experiment) Literally zero people could have predicted this!
I found it interesting that she said it was a "psychological experiment". Surely it is actually a sociological experiment, no?
Sure but its still miraculously shortsighted.  

"WHOA!  I never thought people with money and power would use a day where murder is legal as an opportunity to push their agenda and stifle or eliminate communities that oppose them and don't have the means to protect themselves during The Purge!"
And then hopefully gets her just deserts. 
No you missed the point. It's the dude next to her who did that
I'm going to need a 2 hour movie about the Constitutional Convention that would allow the legal suspension of the Constitution for 12 hours. Also it needs to be a musical. 
I need to know the little details like if I shoot you during purge time but you die after it is over I am in trouble?
Looks like the victims had anal contusions.
The Purge: Misdemeanor

2 hours of high intensity small town anarchy, full of streaking marathons, mass littering, underage tobacco chewing contests, skateboarding, and... buying liquor on Sunday (I live in Texas)
This one seems to be about race
How is it the same? Each one showcases the events of a different class. Upper in 1. Lower/middle in 2. And political and lower in 3
Don't forget edgy head tilts.
Kys loser
the premise is ridiculous, not brilliant. One night of free crime wouldnt stop people from committing crimes any other day of the year.
I mean, is he really complaining? He just simply stated he liked the direction of the second and third movie better and I agree. When purges show what happen on the streets its more entertaining. Purge in just one house wasnt bad, but i remember leaving the theater wanting to see more of the chaos in the streets. 
I like having an opinion.
I mean.... that’s a glowing recommendation if I ever saw one 
I can't remember anyone saying that, it didn't look dark at all. 

The 3rd film had more of a stroyline to it rather than the usual "killing for 12 straight hours", there was a presidential debate also. 

I don't have my hopes up for this film, i haven't for the past 2 and they bettered my expectations, i'm hoping the 4th will do the exact same. 
Yes but how we got there is the question this movie seems to be answering 
I'm sure people said the same in Germany before 9–10 November 1938. The purge is just an American version of Kristallnacht so the build up to it would be pretty similar. 
People votes for dumb and stupid laws all the time.
Yes, they said the crime rate is almost zero.
You're right, my bad. 

I thought r/movies would be less of an average fan subreddit.
Kind of. You find out that (in universe) the true purpose of the Purge is for the government/elite class to wipe out lower class people. It never specifically mentioned race, making it more of a class thing, but the spectre of race was always there. And there were plenty of bad guy killers who were themselves black or POC.

This one seems to go all in though with making it specifically about race.
The 2nd film explains that the purge is secretly for the government to have lower class citizens legally wiped out. Take from that what you will.
wat?
Yeah the President says something like “they’re throwing parties” and then he sends in a strike team to start killing.
Thats been a plot point since the second. The purge is an excuse to kill off all the poor and the minorities disguised as some weird psychological thing. Thats why it was still illegal to kill off any politicians or high ranking government officials until the third.
What I never got is why they have to try to make sense of this insanely lunatic plot in the first place.

Nothing about "the purge" makes any damn sense whatsoever. It's a cheap excuse to watch people murder each other, and shouldn't be treated as some kind of clever social commentary. It's the Saw movies all over again.
Well it is kind of extreme I have never wanted to murder someone so being told it is legal for 12 hours doesn’t change that fact. Also any other crime would be protected I’m sure so maybe I would like to rob a bank but for that 12 hours I’m sure security is increased.
I like the Purge movies as they are fun however that same plot device is used in 2 so I wonder how they are gonna explore it differently. 
>Every researcher in the world would be doing Non-FDA approved testing of new drugs ... directly on humans. 

It'd be twisted as fuck if the cure for cancer was developed during the Purge
That would be a better premise than this one
Problem with human trials though is that it takes more than 1 night, so human testing is stupid unless the mad doctor does some weird human centipede type shit and mutilates people.
Every researcher in the world would be doing Non-FDA approved testing of new drugs ... directly on humans.

clinical trials take years to do, i dont think you realize how little would get done in 12 hours lmao
That is kind of a morbid but sadly true thought.
My thing is that it is shitty reason (Not just morally), but also economically and politically.
The military targets low income areas for recruitment (That is not to diminish those that serve our country, thank you for your service, I am just stating a fact of the matter, I would assume it is because the military offers a form of job training that can be helpful for people that cannot afford college) Companies use low income areas to house not so environmentally sound operations, and for cheap labor. It would also hurt the economy politically since all the other countries would just cut ties or but embargoes and sanctions on us, so it would hurt us more then help us economically (If that is even why they wanted the poor people dead).
> financial crimes that would be committed over the course of this lawless time.

Yea but that is normal
Bitcoin would spike sharply once a year and we’d all be rich. And probably raped. And probably murdered. But mostly rich.
Look I just want some free stuff. 
Thank you!! I doubt that the teenagers that make up the target demo for this are concerned with the socio-economic impact of people in scary masks killing people. 
I bet all that shit is locked down really heavily tho and that's why people don't try
I know that not everybody kills, but a LOT of people do for literally no reason
Would it not hurt the companies then? Or would the losses be outweighed by more work? This is perhaps the most economically intriguing movie series of all!
Yea that's kinda what I'm saying. But also like, a massive forest fire would be a likely result a purge. 
I mean, it is reasonable to base your understanding of human behavior on a six-day experiment with non-random participants all  from a specific demographic and which involved the experimenter as an active participant
I’m not defending. I think agree that a concept like this would 100% be used to eliminate “problem” people by the government. I was just explaining what I think the filmmakers were going for with that specific character. 
A Hamiliton 1776 Hybrid. 
If you did it during the purge it's not illegal. Consequences don't matter.
The 2nd one was also. 
Of course it wouldn't. But the idea of allowing crime for 24 hours is amazing for an action thriller. These writers are hacks, but this is a great idea.
If you make every crime including small ones punishable by an insane degree i feel it would slow down the crime rate. Everyone would just hold it all in until Purge night
Lol That's not the real reason the purge was allowed. It's basically to rid the society of the poor and community leaders the government want to suppress or other "vermin of the society". The not committing crime any other day is just what they sold to the public. All in all, i think the idea is pretty neat but the purge films are mostly standard hooror so they dont explore those things well.Also a dystopian setting would probably have helped
Night of Broken Glass was at its core a big ass riot that officials didn't get involved in.

 Not even close to 12 hours of do whatever you want suddenly removing violence from the US and improving the economy significantly (The movie does say the economy is at its best because of it)  
Oh yeah totally. Removing Net Neutrality and legalizing all crime for 12 hours, those are basically the same thing. 
R/truefilm
Ah okay, thank you. It definitely looked that way to me. I am not personally in to watching race wars so I would definitely skip this.
[deleted]
Which that last bit was only legalized so they could target anti purge politicians
I could be wrong, but I want to say this was subtly first referenced in the first one. I’m not sure if it was a radio thing, a news broadcast, or just a typed paragraph of exposition, but there was something said about how poverty and homelessness majorly declined, and it was implied because the Purge amplified class warfare 
I mean...its extreme on purpose. Its not the deepest thing but it gets the point across
The premise is really interesting, it's just that the movies are really silly and shallow with ridiculous masks and dumb things tacked on.

The idea of "the purge" could be really, really cool if it was explored realistically.  I feel like it could feel like The Handmaiden's Tale or something in that vein.
That's part of my problem with them. I can accept a Purge universe, but when they keep trying to ground it to *my* universe, it loses its appeal. It needs its own rules instead of trying to rationalize it to my world's rules.

It could be as simple as, "It's just how it works in this world", and let compelling stories of participants flow from that. Instead, so much gets lost in trying to ground it, and it really brings the entire series down.
It's not like politics nowadays make sense whatsoever either, so I guess it fits.
If the plot makes zero sense then it doesn't really suit a movie, more like a 30 minute short
wrong. 
[deleted]
It's not that hard to see "people aren't killing each other like we wanted, let's send in kill teams disguised as civvies to make this seem bigger than it is" as a metaphor for bots on social media--->Trumpism.
[deleted]
True but not during these political times lol. 
It doesn't matter how little would get done 

You can administer the drug during the purge, and then do all the follow up assessments of patient outcomes over the next 6 months. 

FYI I've literally had it be my job to hold rats in like a cake decorating cone thing while electrical signals from their brains were recorded after they were given different doses of a drug + control group. 

No reason you couldn't do that precise experiment on humans during the purge. 

Crack their skull open. Put a pedestal which is basically injection molded plastic w/ a number of tubes through. Then you stick multi channel electrodes down the tubes so they actually penetrate into the cortex. Give them the drugs. Record tons of data. Kill the human off afterward. 

12 hours? 

you won't get longitudinal stuff, but you can find out immediately if it causes seizures.
Well, we have so many murders and mass shootings in America these days. If we put all of them (in a year span) into one day, we might actually get the Purge.

Also, if you can hurt someone legally, you might as well kill them so that they can't get back at you later.
I don't know. It probably helps big corporations. Not so much the little guy whose business burnt to the ground.  
But they did say there was purge insurance. 
> I think agree that a concept like this would 100% be used to eliminate “problem” people by the government. I was just explaining what I think the filmmakers were going for with that specific character.

I gotcha but I guess my point is, when you write a character that is responsible for The Purge but shes never had a second thought about how things could go wrong when the most obvious outcome should be staring said person in the face, its just a little hard to believe.  

I mean, if someone were to *actually* suggest something like The Purge, millions of people would tackle her with statements on how easily corruptible it would be and her reaction would either be "Shit, you're right" or just a bold-faced lie where she has hidden motives that never lead to the guilt of "What have I done?".  I guess what I'm really saying is, the only way this character makes sense is if she were the villain where shes completely aware that people will abuse The Purge
I was definitely thinking about 1776. 
I can't wait for Weird Al's Polka version.
Is that a car?
So someone gets raped during purge 9 months later has kid no child support payments? Purge SVU we could make a whole show of stuff like this.
The officials were involved. The police stood by and allowed murders and crime to take place. In one case the Fasanenstrasse Synagogue was burnt down in the presence of the fire department. The Nazis even used the economic argument as justification.
Don't put words in my mouth. But you are really are taking for granted things like populism, Propaganda, fear, etc.  can make people vote for laws that they wouldn't normally. Believe Me, i live in Venezuela, we are now living in a full dictatorship and it started with a full Democracy.
> "They're all busy sir." 
> 
> "Doing what?!"
> 
> "Setting up secret backchannels with the Russian's and Saudi's sir."
> 
> "Oh okay, well call someone else... Call John Bolton."
> 
> "Dear God... But sir..!"
> 
> "DO IT!"
Damn, I really need to watch the second and third movies.
..................but what's the point?
I don't think this premise can be explored realistically, because there's no realistic scenario where somethig like "the Purge" would be implemented. It's completely non-sensical and doesn't hold up under the barest of scrutiny. The only way to do it is going full camp with it.
I'm with you. The concept is fascinating but the films aren't complex enough to do it justice. 
the premise isnt interesting because it makes zero sense. Having one night of crime wouldnt stop people from committing crimes at any other time of the year.
Yes.

Not the general idea of the world going to shit, obviously. But the specific idea of "let's have this one shooty-murdery-day of the year".
I've still not seen anyone get put into a woodchipper in the Purge movies. 

One day maybe..
I enjoy the other movies, I think they are just dumb fun. But this one just seems kind of dumb
[smh](https://y.yarn.co/7c0de593-9128-466f-beb6-bc90b5f3889e_text_hi.gif)
ok but how about recruiting subjects, getting appropriate controls, making sure your study population meets inclusion criteria/doesnt meet exclusion criteria, double blinding would be impossible, and no respectable journal would publish your findings given the obvious ethical violations.
Yeah, I think the Purge is definitely one of those movies where the concept came first and they decided it was cool and they wanted to do it and just filled in the actual reason behind it as they went. 
I guess this movies are in a distopian future? I really don't remember. Maybe it's in planet Earth but not in our time? Soemthing like the hainmaiden tales or 1984
File a claim with your purge insurance provider and get an abortion. Who keeps rape babies in 2018?
Nothing as dumb as a purge has ever been considered. The only reason the movies try to make it seem possible is by having various scientists say "It just works" 
It also helps that Frank Grilo is there to basically play the Punisher.
It’s the odd series where the movies get better with each sequel.  The second movie was solid and the third movie is the Punisher protects the president 
the third was absolute shit, you didnt miss much at all
You can have a ridiculous premise and over-the-top film that's still full of social commentary. Battle Royale is a good example of this 
The purge is basically Kristallnacht. It did happen from the 9th–10th November 1938.
It isn't really the point of the purge (although it looks like Marisa Tomei's character wants it to be) to get rid of pent up aggression. It's to get rid of people the ruling class deems undesirable.
you can do that stuff in advance. 

that stuff isn't illegal. 
I dont think it's dystopian. The first purge states that economy and unemployment are at an all time low. Country is succeeding. 
Watch "the act of killing" or "hotel Rwanda." More similar than youd want to think 
Love me some Punisher. 

That's how I managed to enjoy the first Watch Dogs game. I roleplayed it as Frank Castle.

I'm gonna watch those two movies today.
lol ok, how exactly are you going to recruit people to a study they know is unethical and then will kill them after? I thought you were just rounding up people from the street for this experiment, but theres no way people would actually AGREE to it. And if you lie to them about the experiment that is illegal, since youre doing it on days outside the purge.
Yeah, unemployment is low because they kill all the unemployed poor people. And the economy is doing well because, when you measure economic well-being using GDP, crises seem to cause growth. Quick example: a company makes their process with an incredibly wasteful process, which pollutes the nearby river with neurotoxins. The toxins cause disability, and eventually a law is passed mandating that the toxins be cleaned up. This can actually raise GDP, because all those sick and permanently disabled people create demand for more nurses and hospitals, more physical/occupational therapists, more disability lawyers. And then there’s all the industry that forms around cleaning it up! A “purge” type scenario would probably propel economic “growth” for similar reasons.
I'd rather not, can you give a TLDR
You just say "we are recruiting people as test subjects for unnamed experiments w/ no details given" 

im sure people would sign up , especially if you tell them there is money in it. 
