Hollywood, you know what would be an actual twist? If Pedro Pascal turned out to be the friend Denzel hopes he is and helps him instead of the obvious "I trusted him the most and he betrayed me" character that all of these movies have. 

Fingers crossed that they go for something different here. 
the 360 spinning camera inside the car shot is straight outta I Saw The Devil right
[deleted]
Easy I see Denzel, I watch. 


Ha, Pascal is the mastermind behind the murder. Called it!
Looks a bit more action packed than the first one. Denzel working with Fuqua is generally a pretty good bet. The first one was surprisingly awesome and I hope to see more of the same from Denzel's first sequel.
So when do John Wick and Jack Reacher show up?
Watching revenge flicks with friends is one the greatest passtimes. 
I'm reeeeeeally hoping Pedro Pascal is the not the actual bad guy.
I wish all Uber drivers were that proactive.
That Kendrick Lamar "Backseat Freestyle" mix that they use is pretty bad and out of place.
"The only disappointment is I only get to do it once." 
"ma trigger!"
Malcom X meets Man On Fire.... I will still watch it though. 
I wish Denzel was my uncle :(
damnit I want another Denzel is a bad guy movie but I guess ill take aging badass 
Damn, this actually looks pretty fun. Although that Kendrick mix does not fit with the trailer at all.
[deleted]
That cutting of Backstreet Freestyle is terrible 
I'd do stupid, disgusting things to see a John Wick/Equalizer cross over
Should I see 1 in Netflix now?
Ok, I'll try it. Pedro Pascal is a red herring. He's meant to be the one behind everything, but it turns out he isn't.

The true mastermind is Bill Pullman's character from the first movie. That's why he's not in the trailer. 


Just let Pedro Pascal be a good guy. I’ve grown tired of the “Swarthy Best Friend betrayal” trope. 
So who made the decision to change the character completely?  Was it the director?  Was it Denzel?  In the first film Denzel's character seemed to almost have Autism or something, had little to no conversation skills he just wanted to read and be left alone.  Here he's making jokes,  laughing hanging out with people etc..  
 Tag line should have been "You do the math!"
Calling it now, at some point Pedro Pascal's character will be double cross Denzel - he's either a baddie or working with the baddies
I will never do the Vulcan salute to anyone again.
I honestly can't believe how badly this trailer butchered Backstreet Freestyle. Like damn, just pick another song.
The director dropped out of doing the 2nd Scarface remake to direct this instead. I think it was the correct choice. 
It's like the guy from Man on Fire moved back to the states and just took up more contracts where things went horribly wrong and needed to be rectified. 
I thought this was 'Equilibrium 2' and got really excited for a second :\
I love the first one. I remember the first almost came out at the same time as John Wick, but I preferred The Equalizer. Close combat is so much more fun to watch if you ask me.
Man... whatever redditor talked about him killing ambiguously European dudes with household items friggin called it.
I saw the trailer this morning but it was a different one.    
  
Did anyone else notice they have two different versions of this trailer out?  
  
[Here's the other one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1j6AkmXnnY), it opens with a different action set piece.
Can we please get an Equalizer, John Wick and The Accountant crossover movie please? I feel like all three of them on screen together would be crazy.
Please dont. 
Who needs to see the movie now. Definition of oversharing 
I'd love if they somehow could bring 'Chloe Moretz" back as Denzel's protege.  Not as she was in 'Hit Girl' from 'Kick Ass' but following the same 'Equalizer' tone.  So without the slapstick humor of 'Kick Ass.'  And please don't make Pedro the double crosser.
Just when you thought things couldn't get more equal... because equality is, by definition, the state in which two quantities are established to be the same.  But now, they'll be more the same than ever!
That looks fucking amazing
Looks like antoine fuqua still got it. 
The first one was so well done, and I missed it in the theater.  Got it on Blu-ray and it’s so rewatchable.  I’m excited for this one.

You still got it, Mr Virtuosity! The Kirby Silver Surferis the only true Silver Surfer!
Did they not notice that they put the same explosion in the trailer twice or is that something that happens more often?
Looks enjoyable! The first film was a solid action flick, hoping the same for this. Just please don't pull the obvious twist and 'reveal' Pedro Pascal to be the villain. 
It's about time! Love Denzel, loved the first one. I can't wait!
This looks good. I thought the first was great up until he went all Home Alone in the department store; fine idea except he didn't take the opportunity to pick up any guns or equipment from anyone he killed and just put all his trust in tree trimmers vs commandos. I love action movies but that's plot armor I just can't suspend my disbelief for.
Feels like director got tips from Edger Wright. 
Did they ever explain the deal with the stop watch?
Are trains back in season or something? Murder on the Orient Express, The Commuter and The Equalizer 2
John Wick vs Robert McCall.

Who would win?
It's nothing like The Equalizer, which is a shame.  Looks great!
Looks like Denzel has his own Taken franchise. 
Was the first one any good?
The equalizer 2 guns.
I need Equalizer vs Taken. 
I know it's full of giant plot holes, but Denzel Washington going crazy and blowing shit up, always gets my money at the movies.

Looks bad ass.
Brant Rock, MA looking better here than it did after this winter.
I wonder if this will be rated R.  lol
Okay I really need my John Wick/Equalizer crossup now...
Love the chopped Kendrick song. This looks tight.
[MFW I get a 5 star rating on Lyft driving](https://imgur.com/a/v7idyf2)	
Can the finale take place in a Brookstone or Sharper Image? 

BTW Psyched for this one. I love angry Denzel flicks.
Something about Denzel making people call 911 is oddly satisfying.
Yes please. 
I love how they're playing a censored version of Backseat Freestyle yet they can show Denzel murdering people clear as day..
Anybody know the name of the song in the trailer?
Maaan. Denzel dropped The Champ
Thumbnail alone was enough to make me not want to see this movie
That is one terrible logo
What an awesome movie. I guess I can go to the theater for the extended cut. Stupid trailers these days. 
The second the trailer said Pedro Pascal was Denzel's partner for 7 years I said "That's the bad guy"
Is "The Equalizer" a good film? I haven't seen it
Missed an opportunity for The Equalizer 2 : Equations Strike back.
Someone make a Equalizer/Taken/John Wick/Jack Reacher crossover film.. I’d watch it!
Shooting a gun a couple times in a closed car without blinking...dude would be super deaf!!
The Equali2er
Sadly they announced Pedro Pascal was the villain when he was cast...
Do the Equalizer vs John Wick next!
The entire movie... explained in the trailer. 😲
Damn, Denzel turning into Liam Neeson right before our eyes. 
I was hoping chloe would be in it but it still looks good. More action packed.
My hope is that there's an after credits scene where McCall's former handler says to him:

"I got something for you if you really are back."

And then he hands him a dossier with a name tag on it that reads: Wick, John.
Denzel has so much charisma he just owns whatever scene he's in.

Speaking of charisma...remember the scene in Crimson Tide with him and Gene Hackman...Hackman is just about losing it over the orders they got...Hackman also owned the screen...brilliant stuff...
This movie is why MoviePass exits. It's one of those movies where the plot is there to just serve as a sort of framework onto which some really great action and fight sequences can be built, with a lead actor who is capable and interesting enough to carry it. Everybody reading this knows exactly how this movie is going to go, what the big 'twist' will be in the third act, and what all the emotional beats will be along the way. But, if you're looking for a way to kill some time on a Saturday afternoon and want to watch Denzel Washington in some well choreographed fight scenes, here it is. 
Badass Denzil is best Denzil.
Denzel and Antoine. Name a more iconic duo.
Ah what that shit !! Why there's has to be two ?
Pedro is the bad guy.
[deleted]
Looks good despite that shameless product placement lol. 
Certainly you don't mean like the exact role he played in Kingsman II??
He's a Latino actor in a modern action movie. He's the villain.
I was thinking throughout the trailer that that better not be the twist.  Movie will be ruined if they go that route
Speaking of cliches, how many assassin movies have used the blunt,'Tell them what I really do because they won't believe me.' trope?

Shit, even Barry did it just WEEKS ago.  Ever since Grosse Pointe Blank EVERY assassin movie does this. -_-
They made him do it!


They already went that route with him in kingsmen 2... Here's hoping
Well there’s one point in the trailer where he says they killed my friend so I was hoping they just went that route instead of him being betraying him. Or they might just do the whole fake death then reveal at the end
Pascal with brown hair and no mustache looks like Eric Bana. 
Sort of like Defoe in John Wick?
So who is the friend that is going to die that is referenced in the trailer? Melissa Leo, Bill Pullman or Pedro Pascal?
Sort of like a Boromir type situation or whatever he was in Great Wall
As soon as they hugged I said "God damn't, I think I already know how this is gonna go"


Either he betrays Denzel or he gets murdered to give the story more tension.
He's probably a bad guy working for someone else. I assume it's Bill Pullman's character. He's nowhere to be seen in the trailer ( even though he's in the movie and is/was married to the old lady that gets killed in this one ).
Pedro’s not allowed to be the bad guy. He’s the Red Viper. He’s Pena. If anyone is cut out to be Denzel’s bro, it’s Pedro Pascal. 
That was so dope. Best part of the trailer for me.
Raid 2.
Dope dope movie. Choi Min Sik is the man yall
God, that movie is disturbing and amazing at the same time
It's weird to just take an amazing shot straight out of another movie and then do it worse.
Children of Men
Yeah, I'm thinking he's back. 
I think that's the point. He's supposed to be forgettable, and average looking. Real spies and assassins are working in diplomatic roles with forgettable names, and looks. They're not going to be a 6'5" epitome of human physical conditioning, but they're going to move like one.
> Denzel is Back

That's actually pretty great hahaha
Not to mention Fuqua directing again. 
I can’t remember ever seeing a bad Denzel Washington movie. He is always superb, he never phones it in and he knows how to choose his projects. Him being in a movie is a seal of quality. Few actors in Hollywood can rival his track record, and I will see anything he’s in.
I agree, the guy is a machine. He also ages incredibly well.
So how was Roman J Israel Esquire?
Same. The Roman esquire movie was not very interesting to me but I still watched it. He played the strange lawyer very well. 
Denzel killing baddies = SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
It’s an easy rule that sadly bit me in the ass last year.  I fell asleep during Roman J Israel, Esq. That movie is a snooze. 
Angry/crazy Denzel is the best.
Bro. I’m the same way. 
He's not.

They haven't explained what happened to Bill Pullman's character. I'm pretty sure he's the one behind everything.
And probably his first trilogy too honestly 
I had no interest in the sequel, but seeing this, it does look good. The first one was too long and god damn I hated that community aspect.
yeah i enjoyed the first one quite a lot. Very stylistic and brutal which i can appreciate. This looks visually appealing as well.
The Unexpendables?!
Don't forget about Jason Bourne and Lorraine Broughton. 
what about chow yun fat's character from the john woo movies?
and Liam Neesons!
Sup?
My hope is that there's an after credits scene where McCall's former handler says to him:

"I got something for you if you really are back."

And then he hands him a dossier with a name tag on it that reads: Wick, John.
That crossover I didn't know I need.
Can't forget Bryan Mills and Jack Bauer!
Agent 47?
[deleted]
For you.
*pastime
He hugged him almost crying.  Hes the bad guy.
Thats why you take Lyft (which is the app he is using)
What I don't get is why it's censored when they're showing hardcore killing in the trailer, yet "biotch" is excessive. 
ITS GO TIME

ITS GO TIME

ITS GO TIME
It felt like a CD skipping rather than an intentional cut of the song to match the images.
Den of Thieves did a great job with MAAD city
Somehow even worse than Pacific Rim: Uprising's 2Pac trailers.
Glad to see im not the only who cringing everytime I here aringking king and its go time. Jesus Holy mama that was disrespectful to k.dot
Black director of a movie with a black lead. It will obviously feature some shitty random rap music.
That was some cold shit
whoa hard r
I miss Tony Scott. He was one of the greatest mid budget action filmmakers of all time, we need more filmmakers like him.
That means you are 100% getting kidnapped
Too dark, are you sure you're not from the DC universe?
the way it's edited makes the whole thing disjointed.
Yes.  
He and Tait Fletcher have the "mma-fighter that plays a henchman for the bad guys and always gets killed brutally" -parts locked down. 
Donald Cerrone is in this too according to IMDB
Lol I thought that was him.
If you like action movies, absolutely, it is definitely above average (IMDb rating of 7.2), but does have a lot of cheesy moments and cliches, it just depends if those kind of moments will ruin a movie for you.
it's on Netflix!?
Yes.
It's a pretty average ish action movie. Worth a watch if you have nothing much to do on a lazy Sunday afternoon. 
It was a good film but there really isn't any room for a sequel there.
Pascal is probably a bad guy ( previous reports said he was being cast as a baddie ).

However, I think he's not the mastermind. I'm pretty sure the real bad guy is Bill Pullman from the first movie.
Aging badass wants to measure his performance.
He has OCD.
Might not play too much of a factor, but John has age and stamina on his side. When it comes to experts like them, every disadvantage could be potentially exploited 
The script writers
Why you making it a Black vs White debate?
Excellent.
Equallytaken
Hidden Citizens - Never Stop ft. Jung Youth 
you're welcome
It is, check it out.
Denzel and Tony Scott
[deleted]
not when the movies are as good as taken(first one only), the equalizer, and john wick 1&2.
worst. twist. ever. 
At least he's not being cast as a drug cartel member :/ 
Not true at all....if he’s Zorro.  Or a dark gritty Speedy Gonzales.  :(
Q.E.D. 
The nee Antonio Banderas
No no no, you can't die yet, you haven't [confessed](https://imgur.com/a/0gnl2aT)!
john leguziamo in john wick is an ally even though he has a history of playing villains.
Sicario ?
The mechanic in John Wick has been a solid friend so far, guess we’ll see what happens in 3. 
hm not in john wwick
> He's a Latino. He's the villain.
Damn, bad hombres, are everywhere. We all know the solution. Say it with me.....................  
I assume Denzel is talking about Leo's character given the trailer seems to indicate such, and the first film touches on their friendship.

Though where's Pullman!?
He did say in the trailer "they knew where she lived" soooo I know who I got my money on.
the camera just went inside the car in Raid 2, didn't spin
People keep asking if I'm black. 

Yeah.

I'm thinkin I'm black. 

- Denzel Washington
Now I want this set in the John Wick world.
Welp, you just penned the next Dwayne Johnson movie.
Yeah that was pretty much the main theme of the first movie, he was just another average person to everyone else, until he was morally forced not to be.
Did anyone else notice they have two different versions of this trailer out?

[Here's the other one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1j6AkmXnnY), it opens with a different action set piece.  
I don't think that every Denzel movie is SUPER DUPER GOOD MUST WATCH. But he is a goddamn solid actor and you are right, he doesn't phone it in. 
Yeah, there are few names that instantly make me watch a movie.  I can't think of any living people besides Denzel, Tarantino, and Scorcese.   
You need to see a little movie called "Virtuosity"
2 guns
Out of time and Manchurian Candidate. 
in that lawyer movie he was just in Roman some thing the movie was bad but he out shined the film so there are bad movies but he's great in them
> I can’t remember ever seeing a bad Denzel Washington movie.

I always thought *Deja Vu* and *Out of Time* kind of sucked
I honestly didn't like the first Equalizer. It was too long and that whole community aspect was bad kind of cheesy.
Black don't crack.
Denzel made the movie. He delivers as always, but the story and pacing did not match Denzel's performance. Colin was solid in his role too.
That movie had weird marketing. Took a much darker turn than I expected. Denzel was great but I didn't really know what kind of movie it was trying to be.
Or he is the one they killed and they are making it out like it's his wife in the trailer?
Just add denzel to the list of assassins in the John wick universe. 
Holy Shit!!!!! Sooooooooooooooo many random extras are gonna die.

I'm down for that crossover. 
I am yet to see Lorraine in action but I bet she's dope
All right let's just throw in Frank Castle for good measure.
Still waiting on a Hard Boiled sequel
If Yun Fat was down for that . I can’t even type straight . I’m too giddy by the idea . I love Woo and Fat 
NIEEEESSSSOOONNSSSSS IS MY SHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTT
Sir , I was just telling these folks that you’re gonna be in the team up movie with the Equalizer and John Wick among other folks. When do you have time to shoot this ? 
And I got a partner that you're not gonna like. Tom Cruise jumps off a space shuttle to Denzel to say he's Jack Reacher
> Watching revenge flicks with friends

I assume. 
Nightcrawler trailer used that song best.
That movie was a pleasant surprise.  I actually really enjoyed it.  
https://youtu.be/FKd_ks0rdAM get hyype
It's actually a great song, it just isn't used well in this trailer.
put some respect on King Kendrick, this is a shitty remix tho
Don't speak ill of Kung Fu Kenny!
I mean he's still prob a ways off compared to Tony Scott but i honestly like what Jaume Collet-Serra has been doing with Liam Neeson. I just saw The Commuter and its... actually not that bad!
I agree. Action movies aren't the same. Denzel, though, makes the movie.  They should remake Jerry McGuire with Denzel as the lead.... MIND BLOWN
How do you know he was not kidnapped before? 

That is why he wishes Denzel was his uncle. 
This is too much for me.
Keith Jardine too.
Personally I would say it's definitely above average for an action movie and worth the watch if you like action movies at all.
Wow down votes for real? He's right, it's super average.
Yep, Denzel added it on as a character trait.

https://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-29313529
>Why you making it a Black vs White debate?

What?
Teaqual

Thank you! ✌🏼
Just a joke, my guy. The two of them make awesome movies. 
The first equalizer wasn’t even good. 
Is it a worse twist than teasing us with Channing Tatum and then putting him a coma the whole movie?
Right behind the finale of Now You See Me.
The entire script felt like a fanfiction attempt at a Kingsmen sequel. 
That movie was pretty bad all around. 
Worst movie ever.
Watch his character be ex-cartel 
The Equalizer 2: Day of the Soldado.
Hector.
I mean I only watched a bit of Narcos, but he wasn’t that was he?
Or, for some reason, yet another cowboy.
Go on about this dark and gritty speedy Gonzales, you've peaked my interest. 
Wow, didn't realize a new Zorro with Pascal was something I wanted until now.
Would be great as Zorro with the line, "Today is not the day I die."
Or Poe Dameron
If he doesn't wind up being one of the bad guys in the film, I assume he'll show up to mourn his wife and ask Denzel to avenge her.
The camera did more than that in Raid 2.  They were transporting it outside of moving cars on skateboards to pull off that chase.  That movie was made with 7 Million dollars, its just astonishing what they accomplished. 
Raid 2 is still the gold standard for car-chase fist-fight choreography and camera work though. 
Its good to be black

\- Samuel Jackson
DiCaprio? Fincher?
Movie is flat out fucking great. You shut your whore mouth.
That movie is a bad movie night classic.
Hey man that's like in the top 5 Russell Crowe roles of all time
I liked 2 Guns.
Was a great movie.

There, finished your sentence
Deja Vu was great. I thought it was a terrific and original sci-fi thriller, by Tony Scott no less.
Whitney Houston did. 
Post-credit scene, Denzel opens the door to his apartment and a figure sitting in a chair addresses him. Black suit, black tie, face obscured by shadow, hand tapping a pencil on his knee. The voice of John Wick, "Long time Robert. Looks like retirement suits us both."
I never saw this trailer . It was a dope use for sure
I’ve got it on the iTunes . The rest of my family and friends enjoyed it too. The trailers looked like a lot of fun . 
Haven't seen that one yet but he did Run All Night and I thought that was pretty badass.
The Liam Neeson one? Yeah it was totally watchable! Even enjoyable! I went in with low expectations but had a good time 
It was okay - basically just a remake of Non-Stop though. I would prefer more original takes like The Grey.
The worst Arizona Tea flavor
Plot? Maybe not great. Action? Yes. 
Yea, that was an odd choice. But supposedly it's setup for the next movie. Assuming there will be one.
Or Harry surviving a headshot, because they were able to fill his head with magic healing gel. 
Apparently Channing Tatum and Pedro Pascal switched roles in Kingsman due to scheduling conflicts on Channings end. Hence why he featured heavily on promotions but very little in the film 
Only reason my wife watched it.  She was piiiiiiiiiiissed.  
from what i udnerstan channing tatums character was supposed to be more prominent but due to scheduling conflicts they gave most of his stuff to Pedro pascal
They destroyed everything I loved about the first and replaced it with a horrible American knock off. 
Did you see the first one? It to me was a perfect sequel tonally, they just added more action
You don't see too many movies I'm guessing.
SUNUVA...... 
Man does Sicario 2 look awesome. Saw a new trailer tonight watching super troopers and it’s darkkkkkkkk. Has a twist they don’t share in any of the other previews and I almost wish I didn’t see it. 
It's a tight noir set in an unnamed border town - very urban.  Think the opposite of Pedro Paramo.  There's a young Olympic hopeful - his specialty is athletics.  He's got times that set a world record for the 100, but he's never even held a medal.  Why?  

*Mexican Mouse Racing*.  

He's on the hook to La Eme.  He took out a loan to buy a ring to propose to his girl.  He thought his cousin Slowpoke Rodriguez would marry them that night in a midnight ceremony and they'd run away together, leaving the debt behind.  But he didn't count on the mob finding out.  They took his girl and are holding her hostage - forcing him to run Mouse Races and take dives so the mob can rake in cash when the favorite loses.  

Now the stakes have risen - they're demanding their prized Mouse Racer - perhaps the fastest mouse in all of Mexico - run drugs for them across the border.  At first he refuses - thinking there has to be a line somewhere, until they show him a picture of his girl with a gun to her head.  He's speechless.  The hand holding the gun has a barely noticeable scar - one that clearly identifies the holder as Slowpoke Rodriguez.  It dawns on him - all of it.  Slowpoke is the one that tipped off the mob to his escape plan and its been Slowpoke keeping the secret this whole time.  Broken by the betrayal and the hopelessness of his situation he relents to running the drugs.

But is there hope?  On his trips across the border he crosses paths with Italian-American Border Agent Sylvester Gatto.  They engage in a game of deadly cat-and-mouse as Gatto tries to put a stranglehold on the drugs flowing into the country.  They're bitter enemies on opposite sides of the law - but in this case, could the enemy of my enemy be my friend?

Coming this fall - 

Danny Trejo as La Eme boss *Don Hombre Malo*

Cheech Marin as *Slowpoke Rodriguez*

Eric Bana as *Sylvester Gatto*

and staring Ryan Gosling as Mexican folk hero Speedy Gonzales in...

**Speedy Gonzales**


...dammit.
Some would say he’s a Mad.....Maxican
This summer... andale.
Well, they also filmed it in Indonesia with mostly a non-union crew and extremely relaxed safety standards. Gareth Evans was almost killed by a car at one point filming that. It looks great and the budget is wild, but safety precautions are huge part of what would drive the cost of that sequence up here in America and Europe, not to mention it costs more to shoot in cities like L.A., NYC, London, etc. than it does Jakarta. 
> They were transporting it outside of moving cars on skateboards to pull off that chase.

For anyone who doesn't know, the technical work on that scene is literally insane.  They had a guy *dressed like a car seat* to hand off the camera through the car.  

It is a fucking travesty that The Raid 2 underperformed and cost us The Raid 3.  I know Gareth said it wasn't over, just postponed, but it's been four years and no sign of it in sight :(

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxb9xzAaYjM
"Always bet on me."

 -black people
I almost added DiCaprio to the list, but then I realized I never watched the Revenant...and consider that one him his first (and long overdue) Oscar, I must not be a big enough fan :(
Russel Crowe really knows how to chew the scenery in a delightful way.
Love that movie
I'd argue it's one of his worse movies, but I also like 2 Guns a lot. But comparing the quality to Training Day or American Gangster is a little rough 
Oh yeah.
I snorted.
I would pay good money for a 3-hour Equalizer/John Wick crossover movie *with a good story*. 
I'm all boned up over here
Especially since as it stands at the end of John Wick 2 John Wick needs help
Gimme.  *Gimme*.
Then Jason Bourne bursts into the room from the toilet with a Fonzie "Eyyyyy!"
i assume this tastes like salty whisky with some lemon after taste. 

hope not
[deleted]
Wonder if that was planned ahead or just happened in the middle of shooting and the writers were just like, okay! quick switch!
My reason was for Roxy...
Ever heard of hyperbole?
How the fuck did this get me hyped.
In A World....
ARRIBA!
So did she.
I'd pay whatever the movie ticket's price is... Maybe even two.
To be fair, it would’ve been seen as a massive “plot hole” all over the internet if they did it for Colin firth’s character but then not for Pedro pascal’s after he was shot in the head 
Nope. Never. Not once in my life.
The train just keeps on chuggin'
Funny how everyone is taking that comment so seriously. "worst ___ ever" is a pretty common humorous exaggeration.
