This trailer is a lot funnier than the previous trailer which made the movie seem a lot more serious. I am glad to see that Lathimos has still included comedic elements into this film.

From the trailer and the reviews, it also seems like it could be Lathimos's most emotional film yet.
God damn, Olivia Colman is awesome.
That soundtrack just really gives it an eerie vibe. This intrigues me. 
Saw this a few days ago at Telluride. Olivia Colman is the performance of the year.
god damn. using candlelight to light nighttime scenes truly reminded me of Barry Lyndon, this film will look absolutely STUNNING in theatres. 
This looks fucking dope
Emma Stone’s accent is perfect. This movie looks insane.. and I love it!
Who made Sofie queen! 
Wow Olivia Colman!! Love her quirky style in Broadchurch
Yorgos giving me the crazy kind of shenanigans I want to see
WOW. Yorgos is just churning out hits
This movie is going to be a riot, I can't wait. Hope Queen Olivia snags herself an Oscar, she's been underrated for years!
In two minutes it goes from a not-very funny comedy to a genuinely eerie psychological thriller. And that score. Daaamn. 

Add in Rachel Weisz and Emma Stone and I'm sold. 
[deleted]
Looks great , classic Lanthimos. Fuck me up fam
Well it's nice to Yorgos trying to do something a bit light. Lobster Dogtooth and Killing were all pretty dark comedies
Emma Stone in the monster scene was adorable.
sophie really moving on up
Emma Stone and Joe Alwynn playing Husband and Wife? Nice to see Emma Stone being paired up with someone closer to her age for once.
I am HERE FOR THIS.
The history nerd in me is glad that someone is doing something with Queen Anne - that whole period of time for the monarchy is fascinating. The movie nerd in me loves the dark twist in the trailer and the amazing cast, and for some reason the two second shot of Emma Stone hitting herself with the book keeps replaying in my head. 

Sold. 
That looks amazing
He loves his fisheye 
Those lenses tho
Emma Stone and Rachel Weisz?! I love them both. Yes please 
olivia is the best. 

yorgos is bae. 

i'm in. 
I thought this was going to be some Oscar bait period piece, but as the trailer went on and got weirder and awkward and I saw Yorgos Lanthimos' name, I knew I was way off. I'm all in. Especially with Emma Stone, I love her. That monster thing was so cute and I love her.
SOLD  
Olivia Coleman is my spirit animal!
I've never seen anything that looks like this.
I still can't tell who will they put as Lead: Stone or Coleman. Weiz is looking more and more like a supporting for sure. 
Well this is not a great trailer but i am in for all the bamboozle Yorgos will put up. I mean look at this description.

Early 18th century. England is at war with the French. Nevertheless, duck racing and pineapple eating are thriving. A frail Queen Anne (Olivia Colman) occupies the throne and her close friend Lady Sarah (Rachel Weisz) governs the country in her stead while tending to Anne’s ill health and mercurial temper. When a new servant Abigail (Emma Stone) arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah. Sarah takes Abigail under her wing and Abigail sees a chance at a return to her aristocratic roots. As the politics of war become quite time consuming for Sarah, Abigail steps into the breach to fill in as the Queen’s companion. Their burgeoning friendship gives her a chance to fulfil her ambitions and she will not let woman, man, politics or rabbit stand in her way.
A lot of all or almost-all female comedy movies this year. 

Went to see none yet, any suggestions? 
Yorgos Yorgos Yorgos just jumped over jumpman
Oh wow I did not know about this until I saw photos from Venice. 

I love it already. 
Versailles by Yorgos Lanthimos
A lesbian love triangle sign me the fuck up.
Killing of a Sacred Deer was a bit of a letdown for me, but this looks extremely promising--perhaps even funnier than the Lobster.  
Damn this looks absolutely fantastic. Their performances are going to knock it out of the park 
It got half way through and I was like yep this is the dogtooth guy making it haha.


Also I didn't know I wanted a blackadder remake with Olivia colman and David Mitchell until just now.


Yes I know it doesn't need it, but I miss that type of comedy show man 
Oh... period piece....no....hold on....ok....this looks awesome!
This looks amazing. I love the music.
question about the ending

[did Rachel Weisz and her husband really steal the money?](#spoiler)
I don’t want to be a perv but that seemed to be a scene in which emma stone is shirtless and water is thrown on her. You have my money. 
I think Victorian aristocracy will be a fun fit for Lanthimos.  His dialog style will probably feel less out of place and it's easier to get away with having these types of characters behave insanely. 
It feels kinda weird but I want to watch it.
Looks like the same tone as In Bruge
Looks really good, and I love Olivia Colman.

Although, Emma Stone's accent is poor. It definitely sounds like someone trying to sound to English as opposed to someone that just is English.
Dumbass movie producers can't even spellcheck the movie's title?
I would watch it if it wasn't a period piece
This trailer make the movie look like a straight forward comedy, I suspect this is not what the movie is and audiences are likely to be confused and angry. I hope so. 
I love her so much! I wish her a long, glorious, and successful career. What an amazing talent!
It’s Lanthimos after all
[deleted]
My favorite of the three performances as well, though it's hard to choose. I think it was my favorite thing that I got to see at the festival.
I was just searching for threads discussing this film- I saw it yesterday. Came to say the Barry Lyndon vibes were VERY strong, from the grandiose sets to the score to the lighting.
As a Brit, I was extremely impressed with what I saw in the trailer.​

Maybe it's because I'm used to such a poor overall showing from non-Brit actors when it comes to the accent but I'm very pleasantly surprised by Stone's accent in the trailer. Over-emphasised O or not. It sounds like what you'd call a Home Counties accent, maybe a bit stiff but still legit. 
I think she overdoes the o's a bit, like emplOyment, but let's wait and see what the accent is actually like.
Hoping Jez has a cameo as court jester
*the Queen drinks wine*

Jez: that can't be good for our baby!

Mark: stop calling it our baby!
She’s also playing the Queen in The Crown

I also recommend you watch The Night Manager where she plays an intelligence officer, while pregnant 
Agreed, she's brilliant.
Not a fan of all his movies, but you gotta admire the man's hustle the past three years. He's been busy!
black comedy thriller I like the sound of that
I imagine most mothers of 3 that age are closer to Colman in appearance than Weisz. I think both are excellent actors, but Colman has got to where she is by talent alone. 


Well he didn't write this one, so it'll probably be different from his other movies. But I'm still very excited to see it.
I have no doubt this movie will become just as dark a comedy as the others by the end.
>yorgos is bae

Never thought I'd hear such words...
according to the reviews all three of them are leads so basically there gonna be some serious category fraud 
Saw it at Telluride. My vague opinion on the topic of the lead below, proceed at your own risk:

There is one relationship  permutation that outshines the others, but all three are outstanding. There is also one character that gets more scenes than the other two, but not by much. The most impressive thing to me was how well balanced and sympathetic the film managed to be towards all three characters.
Funny, I watched the first trailer without knowing at all what it was about. Then unrelatedly went on a Wikipedia binge about Queen Anne & Co a few days ago, and so on watching this trailer ~~lightbulbs~~ candles just went on in my head. 
You are right on that.. Lobster was my 3rd favourite movie of 2016 .. Was left underwhelmed by killing of a sacred deer.

No.
> Victorian aristocracy

Wrong era, mate.
[deleted]
It's common for English words in Britain to have an ou instead of just an o. So for a film about Britain it seems correct to use favourite. The same goes for colour, armour, etc.
You're joking, right?
...A straight forward comedy? Did you and I watch the same trailer? That was menacing as fuck.
The fact she's picking up the torch as Queen Elizabeth II in *The Crown* is definately a good sign for her.
And the circle jerk begins
She was amazing in Tyrannosaurus. She can so easily go from comedic role to heartbroken sad role, and you believe everything she does. 
What else did you see? Most surprising? Most disappointing?
What do you think is the gold standard of British accent by non Brit actors? As an American, I am curious. A lot of people said one of the best example is Jordan Gavaris (Canadian actor) in Orphan Black 

[clip of his character ](https://youtu.be/IawTlAh6SxI) 
Thank you! That’s how I feel too :)
I think what makes it good is that she didn’t over do anything (well except the O I guess lol) so it sounds natural. I think that’s the issue with most people trying to do an english accent, they sounds dumb because they do too much.
Yeah maybe not perfect but way better than most Americans. From what i’ve heard (critics who saw the movie) her accent is really good in the movie :)
She was great in The Night Manager.
She's also amazing in Peep Show. 
I still have absolutely no idea what was going on in Dogtooth.
They're definitely not for everyone, and that's perfectly fine! He has a very unique take on film.
[deleted]
Judging from the dialogue it doesn't seem like everyone has autism like his other movies (not a criticism btw)
Category fraud is regular. Viola Davis is a lead in Fences for sure yet she won as Supporting Actress. 
Who is the one who gets slightly more screen time?
Fair enough.  My knowledge of English history is pretty limited.  I guess this would be closer to the Restoration or Georgian Eras?
Ohhh, good one. 

At the end of the day, I'm English and she just doesn't sound believable.
Can confirm, it's a thriller with elements of dark comedy
[deleted]
First Man was cool as an experience. Worth watching on a big screen. Kind of an old fashioned biopic with action sequences reminiscent of Nolan. It was an odd duck.

I really enjoyed "The Great Buster" doc by Peter Bogdanovich. It's still being refined, as is typical of docs, but the first 10 minutes are so energetically cut that I had to focus and engage at a level that surprised me. A welcome change to the pace of most docs, and a great match for the density of gags characteristic of Buster Keaton's films.

Most disappointing perhaps were some of the shorts, which I found myself actively disliking. Nothing to be gained in naming which ones. Just a different experience from other years. Of course, most of the shorts were still exceptional despite the outliers.

What I saw of the Aronofsky produced Spheres VR project that premiered at Sundance was also pretty cool. Not mind blowing, but the narration by Jessica Chastain helps (I only saw part 2 of 3). Not sure Aronofsky's name as a producer should be taken as an indicator of the content. It's playful more than anything.
> clip of his character

Gotta say, that's legit. That's actually surprisingly good. 
Alison Brie in Five Year Engagement always impressed me.
[deleted]
It was an allegory for fascism and the control of language by totalitarian regimes, among probably 100 other things I'd imagine. 
I've been a fan of hers since the first season of peep show, she pretty much looked her age, just not like someone employed to be an actress (much like David Mitchell)
I just hope coleman wins for best supporting actress then cause stone and weisz already have their oscars. Its time for coleman to shine sorry amy adams
Stone
/r/movies doesn't really take kindly to different opinions, even if you phrase it politely like you did. They treat downvotes as a 'I don't like this comment' button instead of a 'this doesn't add to the discussion/It's hate speech' button like it is intended to be used. It's kind of like /r/aww where they don't let you show an ounce of negativity without the downvote brigade showing up.  

CINEMATOGRAPHY is incredible in this movie. Did you see the shot of landscape?
How about Renee Zelweger in Bridget Jones series?
Which was already mentioned but yes that too. 
Yeah it might be wise to push her fausely in that category and put Stone as lead. She likely wins a Supporting Actress while the lead is a tough tough category this year. 
Interesting. So I guess Coleman will be pushed supporting. Again it's fraud but it's an eaiser category to win. 
> even if you phrase it politely like you did

The exact reason I phrase things rather abrasively on this sub is because I've seen the change from what this sub was (not perfect but still a place discussion can occur) into exactly what you described (basically people voting like simplistic knobheads). I can't change it so why not just piss people off with my genuine opinions.

I mean, on this sub now you aren't allowed to think something was just 'good' or 'ok' if other people think it's a masterpiece, and if you even think about saying the film was poor, no matter how well you put your view over, you're just fucking wrong. End of.... but "film is a subjective medium" is what they say while dismissing your opinion..


This might look like Stone's best role yet certainly looks better than la la land. Plus she nailed the uk accent
I love her in La La Land (and the film) personally but this is very different for sure. I thought she was better and more understand in Battle of the Sexes last year. 
is too bad battle of the sexes wasn't that good she really was great in that movie. She going for that emmy too for netflix's maniac for both actress and minseries cause she the executive producer. amy adams better watch out both coleman and stone are gonna steal her awards this year lol
Agree stone was much better in the role than battle of the Sexes was a movie. 
She really an underrated actress because people think she plays the same dorky girl from her rom coms but she can be so much more than that 
