Most of the mercenaries will die but somehow Olivia Munn will make it till the end.
The big Predator turns out to be Adrian Brody.
If they work off of the concept of "Predators" that there are a bunch of different tribes with their own ideologies and whatnot, I could see the concept working by having a tribe who wants to use hybridization to make them more powerful than the other tribes.

But for the Predator race itself? It doesn't make a lick of sense. They are already powerful enough to pose a threat to anything else in the universe established in the Alien/Predator movies.
[deleted]
So are the humans going to team up with the Predator to fight the hybrid Predator?
Fair warning this trailer feels pretty spoiler-heavy. 
Big step up from the teaser but this still looks like more of the same.
They repeated the same predator sound like four times.
It's not a Predator movie with Shane Black if there isn't a vagina joke.
Didn't we do hybrids already?
"Evolved"... 

A bigger Predator...

Figures. *sigh*
This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them!
Superpowered hybrid? Check 

Former villain teams up with human protagonist? Check 

Comic actor in serious role? Check 

Is this Jurassic World? 



So that, "come and get us mother fucker" line is gonna be the last bit of the movie, right? 
The size of the helmet on the predator. Absolute unit.

But seriously it seems to shake around like a loose fitting motorbike helmet
That vagina joke was god awful.
How do you put Thomas Jane and Sterling K Brown in a Predator film and instead go "Nah, Boyd Holbrook and Olivia Munn are going to be the human leads"? 
so much better than the first trailer. I'm always happy to watch a new Shane Black movie.
I am done with plotlines involving hybrids
Looks like a SYFY movie
I like that 'E for Everyone' joke because the first movie had basically one big stream of stupid bro jokes for its first third. Then it got good. It's just stylistically on point. 
Looks so much better than the first trailer... I guess the big Predator is an adult Predator, right?

Looks better than the first trailer. Hoping for the best
Fingers crossed...
The Predator roars a lot for an intelligent space alien.  More like an angry bear than a interstellar apex trophy hunter.  He should be picking off soldiers from a hundred meters away not trying to bite and claw people.  I've given up on remakes, I've only seen a few in my entire life that were close to or better than the originals.  They're almost all bad.  If the writers had anything worth saying they would have a new movie, not a riff on somebody elses.
Looks badass
I really want to like this movie but man it just looks so bad. Boring shooting, boring premise and sadly bad jokes. I’m still hoping it’s the marketing but it’s looking more and more like they don’t have anything to Market 
Can we stop with the commando teams and evolved super predators? How about a movie with a Predator hunting in Victorian England (Dark Horse did a comic series like this and it was awesome), or a Predator hunting fucking cavemen or dinosaurs or something. These movies are all the same premise and it’s stale. 
This looks much better than the first trailer. Between this and my fandom, I'm willing to take the Gamble and see it opening night.
Oh I see, they're desperate and resorting to the "show everything from the movie" playbook on this one.
That kid better not say a damn word throughout this movie.
Summing up that trailer: *Predator roars*
This franchise has taken the Terminator route. This doesn't look very good.
Don't kid yourself. This is gonna suck.
There's 👏 Only 👏 One 👏 Predator 👏 Movie.
Way better trailer then first, alittle more hyped to see it now.
    "what's scarier than a predator?"

    "a bigger predator?"

    "perfect!"

The writer's room, probably.
Looks quite terrible. 

Really upset by this. I liked PREDATORS, or at least 2/3s of the movie. Adrian Brody stole the show. This looks wack
I’m hoping that the trailer is misleading and that this still feels like a Shane Black film.  Also makes me wonder if there was a mandate to have a genetically engineered Predator in this.
The protagonists are rangers now? Could have sworn that they were assassins or something in the last trailer
Munn and the little kid subplot are what completely turns me off from this movie.
thank you for not posting the trailer from one of those horrible trailer duplicate youtube accounts like "onefilm" or some crap. I always prefer the real studio's' link.
Lost me the moment a kid showed up on screen. This is fucking Predator, not Jurassic Park.
I personally think this evolved predator would have made for a good twist/reveal in movie.  This trailer and the new poster kind of deflate the movie, similar to how Doomsday being revealed for BvS:DoJ deflated the whole versus notion the movie initially had.  I’ve never been enthralled by this movie but at least it doesn’t look like a dark mess the AVP:R was.  When I basically see the movie in the preview, I don’t generally take it as it is going to be a worthwhile theater movie. 
Wait...did they Super Shredder, Predator? 
I really feel like this would have been a great trailer if they didn’t spoil what could have been a cool and surprising scene.



I’ll still see it
Another trailer that spoils the movie experience. Then again, i won't be seeing this one. Can't they think of any new plot ideas any more?
Would rather they continue the story of Predators
He says they're Army Rangers in the interrogation. Small nitpick. Because then Key's sleeve says "US Marine Corps"
If this movie was a video game it'd be rated "M" for "meh"
Well, it would've been a really cool surprise twist to see the badass Predator that's been destroying our heroes the entire film get man-handled by an even bigger Predator toward the end and now our humans are like "holy shit we thought we had it rough before, now *this* fuckin' guy shows up"... but nope.   


Gotta spoil the entire movie in the trailer. I'm never watching another trailer again.
Olivia Munn is just the worst.
This looks awful. Like straight to the dvd bin bad. Not sure who they are trying to target with this. 
This looks terrible.
I kinda hope Olivia Munn gets naked in this. 
Better than the fitst trailer but still underwhelming imo. Also why the giant predator? Are regular Predators not scary enough?
This trailer looked like it he too many spoilers for my brain. 
That "Come and get us mother fucker" line is the end of the movie i bet.
They are really milking that crash sequence.
That ultimate predator reveal would've been better saved for the movie. Still not entirely certain what the plot is, though.
The Predators getting stronger in every movie made me realize that Arnold fought the weak ET version 
She has to get to the chopper.
Which makes sense, since the Predator's whole shtick is to go after threats, not slaughter women and children.
She can't die, those franchises won't ruin themselves. 
It'll happen right around when it's just her and the main guy left. 

He opens up to her about his life "My dad... he owned a ranch, I wanted to have one of my own but then joined the marines...", she realizes he's not some careless hotshot but an honorable man, she gets super turned on by him, then he dies later on and she's super sad but determined to kill the Predator and does it. 

Her and that little kid then limp towards a black hawk helicopter and fly off
Or not. I gotta believe.
Nerd bait actresses
Ah, the old M. Knight twist.
You're the real Predator now, Brody.
Truly the end destination of Brodyquest.

*guitar riffs intensify*
[BrodyQuest](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygI-2F8ApUM)
To borrow from Lisa Simpson. No matter what he does in that movie, he's still Adrian Brody.
That would be awesome. He's in a Yautja exo-suit or something... XD 
As played by Bill Cosby.
Did that Predator have a huge nose?
Judging from the lab scenes I'm betting on humans trying to make a super soldier and it goes wrong.
Yeah, I wish they hadn't mentioned evolution.  It would be cool to find out that the Predators just grow to be that fucking big, and the ones we've seen so far have all been adolescents, on their first hunt as a sort of initiation ritual.
perhaps there are different Predators for different purposes?  Like ones for hunting and ones for conquering or something 
No, see... it's exposure to our yellow sun...
He's been here long enough to turn into Super Predator.
I wonder if what we've seen of the predator is only the beginning stages of the species, a la Aliens. Considering every predator that has come to earth is there to test itself to become a better hunter, I don't think it's a long stretch to consider the new predator we're seeing in the trailers as a more mature Alpha Prime.

My money is on human experimentation though. Human's caught a predator, the one the Rangers fight is there to actually rescue his companion and save the technology from being stolen and the big one is the results of human tampering/weaponization. I hope I'm wrong though.
Yeah they really fucked that one up. The Pedator race is clearly above all, yet we have a ton of movies that have the human race beat them time and time again and or Aliens came and fucked them up.
i mean you gotta expect that in a species, every once in a while, you get a genetic freak. Yao Ming, Manute Bol, Mike Tyson, Usain Bolt, Michael Phelps. They happen. This is just the predator equivalent of [Hafþór Björnsson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haf%C3%BE%C3%B3r_J%C3%BAl%C3%ADus_Bj%C3%B6rnsson).
Have you read the comics? They established that other species could join them, there was a really short predator that was actually a human like the first AvP when the predator branded the human, that was basically him making her a honorary predator (http://avp.wikia.com/wiki/Machiko_Noguchi). In the comics there were also those bigger predators that targeted other predators (http://avp.wikia.com/wiki/Predator_(comics_line)).
[deleted]
If Hollywood really wants to be more diverse, they need more leading roles for Predators in film. 
yes
the guys have to team up with jaws to fight bigger jaws
So what you’re saying is, they’re some kind of PREDATOR squad?
*U g h*
Seems predictable enough..so yeah.
Get the feeling that 'Come and get us motherfucker' is going to be the last line of the film.
I don't know why they need to reveal the giant Predator. It feels 'meh' in the trailer but I think it would have made a bigger impact if he shows up as a surprise. I guess I can only blame myself for watching the trailer.
Having read the spoiler summary (which is probably true at this point), the trailer spoils a lot, but doesn’t spoil what I think is the bigger spoilers
And yet somehow it still feels incomprehensible. Whoever is cutting the trailers for this movie seems really confused.
I am whelmed!

[deleted]
More of the worst of the same. "This time... the monster has *evolved*. It's bigger. Faster. Stronger. Smarter."

Everything Jurassic World got wrong was copied here. 
[deleted]
At least it's not as messed up as Tom Cruise's scream in the Mummy trailer.
To be fair, the predator only has 3 sounds that it issues.

You got the clicks, the scream/roar, and the laughing.
I was starting to get worried that I might've been the only one who noticed. Maybe it's a pre-production kinda thing. I hope. 
Sorry, I don’t understand your comment. Has Shane Black been part of the Predator franchise before? 
Different caste maybe. 

Predator, super predators, ultimate predator 
could be his big brother Daryl come to ruin his special hunt manhood ceremony like a dick 
Alien franchise sure did, and boy was that shitty.
Could be that other breed of predators they mentioned having a blood feud in PREDATORS.
Its like the other predators are the Harlem Globetrotters and this guy is Michael Jordan.  No amount of ladders will save them from Michael Jordan.  Hes gonna dunk them to death.
right? I hate this need to always one-up or change what came before. The predator design and mythology was fine before and still had plenty to play around with without needing to pull this whole "oh look, there's something even bigger!" shit. Same applies to the JP franchise or Aliens. Like Hollywood thinks the only way to keep things fresh is to change the monster(s),  the monsters are fine (or perfect) just change the situations, change the human characters and drama around them, change the scenario; good movies can still be made that way.
Why on Earth would a sentient species capable of interstellar flight evolve...
It's not only bigger! It's full cgi! That's so evolved.
Damn. I could forgive a not so great script if it got some great old school practical effect action. That's what I hoped when I first heard about it. Like dredd 2012. 
There are super predators in 2010s predators film...
Hello there!
There's always a bigger fish. 
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
I'm seeing double here - four Predators! 
It's over bigger Predator, I have the high ground! 
Xenomorph teams up with Pred to fight Turbo-Pred then a graboid comes out of the ground and swallows Turbo-Pred. 
Jaws teams up with the humans to fight bigger jaws.
Definitely reminiscent of the "message to all Autobots" line from the ending of the first transformers. Willing to bet they try to set this up for a sequal.
Do you remember the first act of Predator?  

"This shit will make you a goddamn sexual tyrannosaurus." 
    
"Billy. Billy! The other day, I was going down on my girlfriend. I said to her, "Jeez you got a big pussy. Jeez you got a big pussy." She said, "Why did you say that twice?" I said, "I didn't."
I mean, didn't look like it was meant to be funny. From the trailer, I gathered they were just making some shit up to start something so they could escape the bus
I don't know, it made me chuckle.
You've never made intentionally bad jokes with your buddies? As others have said, there's a good chance that won't even be in the movie. Black has a long enough track record that I'm not put off by it. 
I think it was the delivery in the trailer. I'll withhold judgement until I see it in context.
that's the point
Shane Black is the god of quips but yeah that was lame. The fat wife bit in Last Boy Scout is pure gold.
Was that Key from Key and Peel? I expect far better delivery from a comedian actor. The joke itself wasn't bad but holy shit did he sound unsure saying it. 
Right?

Aside from the fact no military man in the wrold would say "vagina" in that context, the first movie had the balls to say "pussy" in the same context.

Really shows how PC Hollywood has become and how much adult movies where years ago.
Thank God I wasn't alone. Fuck me that was a terrible line
It’s Shane Black and Predator, that’s how it’s supposed to be. 
Who left that in? That made me pause the trailer
I mean so were the ones from the original to be fair.
i mean boyd holbrook is pretty dope but i agree completely about munn
no problem with Boyd... of course I've only seen him in Logan. Olivia however, has NEVER impressed me with her acting ever. She's pretty though :P
Boyd is good. His performances in Logan and Narcos are exceptional. Now Olivia on the other hand...
I actually think this looks really intense and awesome. 
Maybe it isn't a hybrid.  

Maybe it's just an adult.

Every other Predator movie has been about young Preds going on their first ritual hunt.  They've basically all been kids getting their first kills.
Hollywood isn't, it can't go on for much longer right? *Right?!*
Everything from the dialogue through to the middle American town.

Disappointed by what we’ve seen so far.
Facts the jokes from the beginning of the first one were kinda bad but they were purposely bad. I’m getting that same feeling here so I’m excited
It could very well be that the Predators have come up against another species that poses a problem to them, so they had to create a bigger Predator.  The bigger Predator is unstable, and has no allegiance to anyone else but itself.  It’s uncontrollable evil

At least that’s my head canon right now 
Yeah it looks like just another mindless scary animal like in all recent movies
The original Predator is so badass, even with  oudated special effects. It's amazing to me that decades later they still haven't been able to come close to it.
Predator: Croatoa

In the 17th century, the Predator preys on Roanoke Colony and learns which civilization is deadliest...the Native Americans or the English colonists.

The answer is...NEITHER
Teddy Roosevelt versus Predator.

Or “28 Predators Later” (Human is infected with a Yautja Disease after some Yautja Blood lands in their mouth, so now a Predator has to hunt down that Human before they start a Global Pandemic.)

(It isn’t going to be called 28PL, that was just shorthand.)
Pirate fighting predator is already setup in Predator 2. 
For real dude. How about just seeing some of the predators home world and their training on other planets and one of them happens to be earth in different time periods (including the future)?

Nah, just throw some middle-america idiots in it with some hybrid predators or some shit. Whatever, just keep it under 60 million and be ready by _____ (unrealistic release date). We want to compete with the new trolls movie!
Oh man, I’m behind your idea of predators in a different era, why does it have to be modern day every time? 
You know that kid is gonna stay alive throughout the whole thing. He's probably gonna be the one that figures out how to defeat the predators.
> I liked PREDATORS, or at least 2/3s of the movie. Adrian Brody stole the show

There are dozens of us!

I enjoyed Predators. It was definitely lacking *something* but multiple scenes were great. I think probably the Lawrence Fishburne character was about the point where it went off the rails, but got back on track after that.

In one of the earlier scripts, Alice Braga's character was an alien. When she's trapped in the pit and about to be murdered, her eyes change and she tears her opponent apart. Changes the ending a little, to say the least.

There's also a shot in the Predators trailer where 10+ targeting lasers are trained on Adrien Brody. I wonder if that was done to throw us off, or if there was yet another different ending that the studio dropped late in post-production?
The slightly (but not really) "new" megan fox?
Seconded. 
Funny story about that...
"Get to the Chopper!"

\-Guy McHero, Predtor VIII
She has a gun in the trailers.
Women, children, pregnant, and terminal illnesses
Here’s the twist.......... we show it everything full penetration 
What's an M. Knight?

Edit: Always Sunny reference... anybody?
*cocks fist*

sufferin succotash son
I kind of want someone to edit all of the Predator's screams with Roman's "OOOAAAAAHHH!" now.
Marcus Body
Jurassic Predator 
Thats what it looks like to me too
Humans always trying to weaponize everything and make super-soldiers.

God damn humans in Jurassic World are trying to make dino-soldiers.
This is like the new version of "giving feelings to". We've had kids' movies with:

* Toys with feelings
* Felines with feelings
* Fish with feelings
* Cars with feelings
* Planes with feelings
* Feelings with feelings
* Monsters with feelings
* Robots with feelings
* Rats with feelings
* Dinosaurs with feelings
* Bugs with feelings

Now we'll have humans trying to make \_\_\_\_\_ better and it goes wrong. So far we have:

* Humans making predators better and it goes wrong
* Humans making transformers better and it goes wrong
* Humans making dinosaurs better and it goes wrong
* Humans making aliens better and it goes wrong
* Humans making humans better and it goes wrong
* Humans making diseases better and it goes wrong
That is like taping a gun on top of a bazooka. Hopefully its more creative than that.
Captain America: Winter Predator
Then some bigger predator comes outta nowhere, where’s he from?
Yeah my bet would be that the first predator that the main guys comes across at the crashed ship is the one that gets experimented on after the government comes and cleans up the mess and detains the main army guy. 

From there they will create the Super Predator and the main guy will be sent on the bus with the other mercenaries (Keegan Michael Key, etc.) to be kept silent about what he saw. 

Meanwhile an other group of predators off earth will be alerted that one of their species has crashed and possibly killed on Earth so they send a group of predators to clean up and retrieve the body and any evidence of them being there. 

But by the time they get there they will realize the body and technology has been taken so their search and retrieval mission will turn into a search and destroy mission.

Then the Super Predator and them will cross paths and the regular predators will see he’s an abomination and one of the ultimate challenges and try to kill him. Or the Super Predator will realize its strong enough to rule and believes it should or that it doesn’t have to respect their species hierarchy and rules and will try to kill the regular predators to prevent them from killing or capturing him. 

Now I don’t know how it will end. Obviously they will kill the Super Predator but idk if the regular Predators and humans will team up to do so or if it will be like a 3 way battle. Plus idk how they’d set up a sequel cause I imagine if they do they want to make the adversary even more of challenge but it would be boring if they just made another Super Predator. 

That’s what I was thinking and it doesn’t make it any better. That’s cliche as fuck lol human are always trying to weaponize something and make it bigger and badder. 
Sent to a planet of weaklings to toughen up their Predator teenagers? Yeah, I am down.
IIRC the females are bigger than the males and haven't shown up in the movies yet. I hope it just ends up being the first female encountered instead of yet another hybridization plot. 
That's kind of how it works more or less. The predators that get to come out to earth to hunt humans are like the Paul Ryan's of predators. Just rich kids who need a successful hunt to make it into society. 

Source: I'm a huge aliens/predator nerd. AMA.
Predators that unclog sinks and do other plumbing things. 

Maybe there is a predator who started a pyramid scheme.  And it really took off with predator moms on whatever the predator version of Facebook is. 

Oh they're definitely going to team up with the little Predator to take out the big one. They're going to have a grudging respect for each other and at a key moment Tough Gruffman is going to save the Predator's life.
> every once in a while, you get a **genetic freak**. Yao Ming, Manute Bol, Mike Tyson, Usain Bolt, Michael Phelps...

...Scott Steiner
yep there are certainly a lot of predators in the SAG
Well they *did* spend some time in LA
I demand an all-Predator "Ghostbusters" reboot. 
Usually the Predators stick to the Producer and Director roles
Don't people like Kevin Spacey and Casey Affleck already get enough roles?
I disapprove
And the sequel will be them fighting an even bigger Jaws
On some kind of _suicide_ mission?
This is Predator. He's got my back. I would advise not getting killed by him. His sword freaking hurts!
Welcome to Jurassic World 
First thought for me as well

Yep, that's a closer if ever I saw one.
Maybe there’s a bigger bigger one 
I'm gonna guess that army-dude is the proto-predator with Bumblebee eyes. And that Keegan Michael Key's annoying character dies not long after his cringy line in the truck.
I am definitely NOT feeling the aster
Young Justice Nightwing reference aye
I’ll give it a shot purely on the fact that Shane Black is the man and I love all of his movies  

Monster Squad
Predator
Lethal Weapon 1-3 (okay maybe not 4)
The Last Boyscout
The Long Kiss Goonight. 
Kiss, Kiss, Bang, Bang
Iron Man 3 (fight me!)
The Nice Guys (don’t say and such, just say there are whores here)
The Predator 

He wrote and directed this. I’m going to reserve judgement till after I’ve seen HIS movie and not a trailer. 
Dude. Olivia munn is in this movie and she's playing a scientist. No movie has yet to break the Olivia munn as a scientist curse. 
Seeing Alfie Allen's name at the end caught me off guard. Didnt recall seeing him, rewatched it and he is the ranger/prisoner with the deck of cards
Remember Alfie? Hes back... in pog form!!
Yeah, I don't get the hate. It's fucking Predator.  It's not meant to be world class cinema, it's meant to be a macho shoot 'em up action movie with a monster killing the macho shoot 'em up characters.  

Give me macho bad asses, give me a Predator, give me a Predator killing off the macho bad asses.  This looks like all the boxes are checked.  
I forgot Yvonne was in this. I don't think I saw her appear in this trailer

Must be a plot twist
It’s like some Fox exec thought PREDATORS was great but needed to be more like AVP:R. 
Yeah it's very awkwardly edited.
Jugga-jugga-jugga strobe effect, tick.
Or Shailene Woodley's scream in the Insurgent teaser trailer. 
Yeah wtf was that man..? Why did they do that lol
He played Hawkins in the first Predator movie and helped re-write most of the script that came to be the movie. There were a few vagina jokes in the first movie. 
Macho Man Predator.
Don't forget the child predators! They are out there somewhere.. hunting for their next target.
Then his other brother Daryl can fix it (for a buck)
*And just like that the bone white giant mongoloid alien cries in the dark from its cell in the basement of Twentieth Century Fox.*
They didn't just mention it in Predators, they were in Predators. And iirc hey weren't this big, sure they were bigger, but this thing is collosal.
[Sweet Clyde, laugh derisively at him](https://youtu.be/5BaOvM9jXKg)
It’s not like the predators were having trouble before. Why make them bigger and badder?! 
Correct me if I’m wrong but haven’t previous film/novels established that there are multiple clans or species of predators that are enemies? So if you have warrior clans, whose primary focus is war, wouldn’t creating the biggest and baddest warrior be part of your goal?
Agreed.  Make a great story without something "evolving" or being bigger or badder. It's just lazy writing

It reminds me of the Jurassic World movies now.  Each one has to have a newer, bigger dinosaur.  The first Jurassic World did sort of a tongue-in-cheek explanation poking fun of itself. Something a long the lines of "Just having dinosaurs isn't enough. People want something exciting, something bigger, scarier. That's what draws people in."  

That's what we are seeing here with Predator it looks like.  
The power to conquer a galaxy is nothing next to the power to conquer a box office.
Well actually, the whole concept of them being predators does induce evolutionary pressure. 

As in, the shitty ones die. Still seems a bit quick. 
I'm all honesty, there's nothing that really stops them from evolving according to natural selection.
Because that has nothing to do with their state of travel capability, evolution is ongoing, it's to do with with a given environment.
Dredd 2012 is a super underrated movie
General Kenobi.
No lie, I'd watch that in a heartbeat
Your pussy is as big as a house 
The first act of Predator may be my favorite 30 min in any movie. They are firing off one-liners relentlessly.
Are you implying that there is something wrong with both of those quotes from the original?
Yeah, those were funny. This one felt so forced. I didn't even smirk at that line.
oh shit is that what 'sexual tyrannosaurus' is from? I literally just heard this phrase 10 minutes ago on this podcast
https://streamable.com/yg6ut
Dad there are whores here and such. 

What did I say? Just say “Dad there are whores here”. 

Shane Black is the fucking man. I mean Jesus just look at his output. 
I feel like anyone complaining about that, is forgetting or didn't see the original
I actually like Boyd Holbrook a bunch as well, but I feel he always works best as a secondary lead. For example, I feel the Pedro Pascal led Narcos season 3 had a more solid police plot than season 1-2. Boyd is good, but I just don't think he has the charisma of a lead.
Watch Narcos. He's fantastic in it.
Me too and it was much better than the first trailer. I will probably enjoy the shit out of this. It's not Tarkovsky cinema but the Predator series is a guilty pleasure of mine.
I'd love it if they kept going on and on about evolution and hybridization only for it to eventually be understood that no, it's just growth and maturity.
The predator 2 predator had a trophy room with his prey skulls on display, and when defeated a chief/king looking pred gave an old school pistol to Harrigan...

I don’t think they’re kid preds.  Predator 2 doesn’t indicate young preds or first hunts.
The Predators in Predator were supposedly senior citizens, if I recall correctly. The planet they drop the humans on is basically like those hunting resorts where they stock the game and make them easy to kill.
That doesn't make much sense though, the Predators have always been a species obsessed with martial honour. If they came up against something that could kill them, they'd be lining up to be the one to kill it and claim that honour, not splicing a supersoldier to do the job for them.
Simply because they played the characters somewhat straight. Their camaraderie felt real, their arguments felt real, their fear and bravery felt real. They were men, who fell in combat against an unknown superhuman enemy.

Now it's always tongue-in-cheek, dime-novel, cardboard tough guys against something we already know. Pretty tired of it.
It's certainly a classic film
get to da choppa!
The first Predator is a simple and straightforward enough premise that doesn't require any more milking. It's a high-tech alien on weekend safari that kills 80s action cliches for sport. It's a cute twist on shit like Commando and the Rambo series. Any attempts to sequelize something that simple that is going to be either an exercise in box-ticking or a shitty exploration of "lore" and "backstory" that reads like low quality fanfiction.

Predator was great. Predator 2 was messy. AvP is PG-13 trash. AvPR is literally unwatchable. Predators is a soulless rebootquel that panders to manbabies who can watch a guy fight a Predator with a katana and not burst into laughter. Just fucking stop already. They got it right 30 years ago.
My man Teddy better win. 
apparently in a leaked script [he is autistic and finds a way to communicate with one of the predators](#spoiler) ... I hope to god that isn't true.
Well, Predators have a taboo against killing unarmed children, pregnant women, or the terminally ill, so it would be OOC to kill the kid.
There was absolutely nothing wrong with her face before the surgery.  
So did the female cop in Predator 2.
I assumed she miraculously makes it too. She realizes having a weapon gets you killed on her own or after the predator knocks it away but doesn't attack her further. Maybe a third character intervening.
Michael Knight. The Hoff.
He's like a true-to-life Slumdog Millionaire!
M. Knight Shamalama Ding Dong.
The guy in the hair piece, that's Bruce Willis the whole time.
I can only hope that dude in the Predator mask the whole time....that’s Bruce Willis the *whole* movie. 
Indopredator X
Teenage Hyrbrid Space Predators 3: Secret of the Jurassic Ooze
IT CAN CAMOUFLAGE 
You bred Predators?
>"You put raptor in this thing?!"
I mean, you gotta milk every successful movie franchise until they're completely unredeemable pieces of shit.  It is the way of Hollywood
Best thing about them:

in order to command said dino-soldier to kill a target you must point a gun with a laserpointer on it at the target and then pull the trigger to activate an audio signal. Why not just use a regular gun? well this one has dinos
> God damn humans in Jurassic World are trying to make dino-soldiers.

[It worked out pretty well.](https://consequenceofsound.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/screen-shot-2015-10-13-at-4-24-34-pm.png)

* Humans making movies and it goes wrong
Humans making sharks better and it goes wrong (DEEP BLUE SEA)
> Humans making America greater and it goes wrong

>This is like the new version of "giving feelings to". We've had kids' movies with 

anthropomorphizing has been a thing for a long time

Father Time, Mother Nature, other crap
Humans making spaghetti better and it goes wrong
To be fair, I was a Marine. If you could have attached a bazooka to my rifle and it didn't weigh like 30 pounds, I'd have been all about it.
Black Panthredator
I don't like the american standard where bigger is always scarier.
Humans are weak, but in every movie we give them a run for their money. Maybe its a trial versus a species of similar intelligence. Like, the Predators have to prove they are adept hunters enough to take down intelligent species and not just feral beasts.
isnt that what they suggested with in the first two? juveniles come to earth to prove themselves?
literally the plot of AvP1 (well, not the weaklings bit)
Thank you. You shall be our first victim. 
pm us with pics of other volunteers...
Great, now they're gonna make a YA Predator Quadrilogy.
Voiced by Rosie O'Donnell
They dont show up in the movies but there are several in the comics. They are a bit bigger and usually dont feature breasts or anything feminine for that matter:

[https://www.avpcentral.com/female-yautja](https://www.avpcentral.com/female-yautja)
What does the predator mating call sound like?
Maybe there's a Predator who's just an overworked Dad and all he wants to do is get home in time to spend Christmas with his family. 
To develop all that technology they have, they would need a functioning civilization. Functioning state, economy, education system and so on. You don't get to be an interplanetary species without all that. So there must be predator accountants, predator plumbers, predator librarians etc. I would watch a movie about that.
[This] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x01l_jMhjVM) but with predators.
That would explain the first PvA. That pyramid scheme under the ice.
They should make a Predator IT show. Predators calling the helpdesk complaining their red-dot site isn't working. Or the camouflage keeps turning off and on.
"that doesn't sound like Rick work"
Isn't that basically the predators movie? Found one hung up, teamed up, killed a bigger older predator
[deleted]
So Kevin Spacey, Harvey Weinstein, Louis C.K. and Bill Cosby?
Yes please, 100% behind this crossover
Please! PLEASE Sony! Give Predator back to Ghostbusters! They'll handle your ghosts no problem!
Speciest, it 2018 get with the times old man
[deleted]
I can PM you stuff if you want. The summary didn’t give specifics regarding each truck character though
The Nice Guys was one of the best movies of 2016, easily in my top three
Last Boy Scout is a masterpiece
Actually if I remember correctly, his script for leathal weapon 2 was not used. He got a characters credit but the original Shane Black LW2 script is one of those much sought out lost Hollywood scripts. They used some ideas but the story (especially the ending) is different.
Iron Man 3 is the best Iron Man movie and one of the best MCU movie. I swear it’s the TLJ of Marvel. You either love it or think it’s Hitler. 
Don't you bad mouth Lethal Weapon 4.
How can you leave out Last Action Hero? That’s like a top 5 Arnie movie
she can't act her way out of a paperbag. no movie should cast olivia munn.
Olivia Munn *is* the curse
I like it when my scientists are played by Denise Richards. That's more believable. 
I thought it was just the Olivia Munn, in general?
AvP:R. That's one movie that I wish I wasn't hyped for when it came out. That's got to be the darkest movie I've ever seen. I don't mean in tone either, I can't see a damn thing because their light bulb budget for the whole movie must have been about $15.

My wife **loves** Predator movies and Alien movies. She really loved the first AvP, so naturally AvP:R was a letdown on a massive scale.
Or Shailene Woodleys voice. 
"Ryan, did you copy & paste the sound effect 4 times like I asked you to? Maximum Efficiency. Good boy."
They uploaded a half-finished version of the trailer by accident.
Wow holy crap! Thanks! I just watched all three Predator movies a few days ago and am kinda disappointed I had no idea he played Hawkins. Just realizing now that it should’ve clicked in my head in the end of Predator when it’s showing the characters and who played them that Shane Black came up over Hawkins. 
Wonderful ELI5
Bonesaw Predator
Now I need the predator movies redubbed with a macho man soundboard 
Clicking noises... *Snap into a Slim Jim!*
The CREAM of the CROP
*Soon to be Disney's basement*
yeah exactly, they are already big and bad, it's not like us humans figured out how to beat them and it's a piece of cake now. 
Honestly blew me away when i watched it. It was dark, it was edgy, it was comical, the action was great and it just felt right. Really enjoyed it, shame there's not gonna be more.
still hoping for the netflix series. they will greenlight huge turds but not this
Nicely done
Why'd you say that twice?
>Your pussy is as big as a house

A MOUNTAIN!

~ Surtur
STICK AROUND!
I mean it's good but "best first 30 mins" of a movie easily goes to Full Metal Jacket. With Saving Private Ryan taking a very close second. 
No, I'm just saying that they're on style with the joke in the trailer. But they are admittedly pretty dumb. But they're fun dumb. Just like most of Predator. 
Pretty sure it's being played as part of their plan to get out of that bus. It was probably supposed to be terrible, which is the real joke. 
Maybe they showed the worst joke. I'm sure Key had a bunch 
To be fair, you're not smirking because you don't know the characters, or the context, or anything. All you know is someone told you a bad joke out of nowhere, and you're extrapolating a lot based on it. 
We don't have the context yet.  We probably would have felt the same way about those jokes if they were in the trailer
It was 100% delivery. Maybe it works in context to the rest of the edit of the scene, but it plays really forced in a fast cut trailer the way the camera is just parked on his face as he goes through the whole line.
The one OP provided wasn't that funny either
I'm guessing it was autocorrect, but you kinda butchered that quote.

It's: 

"Dad, there's, like, whores here and stuff!"

"Sweetheart, how many times have I told you, don't say 'and stuff'. Just say 'Dad, there are whores here.'."
I feel like a lot of people here actively *want* this movie to be bad.  There's so much pessimism in this sub sometimes.
exactly, and even as a longtime fan of the first movie, I don’t need this movie to be Predator 1: 2 (?), you know?  I remember being a kid living in the suburbs thinking how scary it’d be if the Predator came into my town.  Now, I get to see something like that and it makes me happy
Why the guilt? Not all movies have to be thoughtful or say something deep and meaningful, it's okay to just have fun with them.
They could be experimenting and trying to hybridize the normal-sized Predator and/or use its DNA to upgrade the humans.

Then mommy predator shows up like "Don't talk to me or my son ever again."
According to the print cannon this statement is 100% correct. 
>  tongue-in-cheek, dime-novel, cardboard tough guys

I mean I get what you're saying but are we going to ignore the cast list for the original Predator? 

Body mass alone.....
I thought predators was ok. The best one since the first by a long shot anyway.
He wins so hard that he starts the tradition of giving a gift to any dude that kills a Yautja.
HAHAHA! Oh my god, if that's true then I'm done.
Where's that Predator2 guy at? He'd comment on every Predators post saying he had worked on the film and how much of a dumpster fire it was. With this trailer a lot of what he was saying looks like he was telling the truth
Am I missing something?  Did Munn have a helicopter accident or something...?
She didn't get slaughtered because she was pregnant
he NOSE the truth!
*God damn it, Charlie!*
Jurassic Predator: Fallen Chopper
And then they sell it off for like 2 million, underestimating the value of the greatest predator in the universe
(once and never again)
They should all be destroyed!
You pred Bredators?
Pointing it at a single human target wouldn't make sense, that's why the weapon also fires ammunition, but say your target is a building full of hostiles, you point the laser at the door, breach, then send in the raptor. Somewhat makes sense.
Only because they forgot the frikkin laser beams!
It sounds like something out of Hot Shot! Part Deux.

I'm just tired of the man created the monster of their own destruction trope.
Seriously.  Prions are freakin' *tiny*, and they're scary as hell.
Exactly.

You can have just as many disadvantages as advantages when you’re big 
Well, in Predators I got the vibe that it was more of a sport thing for them and they were half testing themselves against the humans on their level.

For instance, the one that had a sword fight against the yakuza member honorably and they both died instead of it just blowing the dude into pieces with laser missiles or some shit.
In the Predator comics, it is mentioned that there are two species that provide a worthy hunt for Predators.

Hard Meat, or as we better know it the Xenomorph. And Soft Meat, humanity. Some Predator even consider Humans to be a better hunt than Xenomorphs.

From the Predator Wiki

"Despite being significantly smaller and weaker than them, all wise Yautja consider certain humans to be dangerous game. Humans are less known for their strength, and more for their craftiness, which can bring down even the fiercest hunter."
the purposefully go against the best they can find.  if one doesn't get killed every once and awhile, they aren't pushing their limits.
The first movie doesn't really hint at the Predator's age, but I *think* it had some non-human trophies as well.

End of the second movie, we clearly see Xenomorph and other alien skulls on the ship. But there is more than one Predator, so who knows which one the trophies belonged to. In that same scene, an elder Predator tosses a flintlock pistol at the hero and says "keep it". While that may not have been one of the predators hunting humans at that time, possibly just there for moral support, it does imply that the average height Predator was around 300 years old.

Beginning of the AVP movie, has a narration about them being juvenile hunters who are pitted against the xenomorphs as a rite of passage. 

So basically, I dunno. Maybe we're the trainee planet, or maybe not. Maybe they get bigger with age, but I don't think so. Their ships don't seem to be sized right to make it likely that the height we saw is normal. 
I don’t think I watched it. Fuck now I guess I have to watch it.
Give it to Guillermo del Toro and you are in the oscars for a teenage predator movie in 2 years. 
Voiced? Acted by Rosie O'Donnell.  
They actually don't really have mating calls. In all of the comics the only real instances that talk about their reproduction and stuff says that they really just get to bone when they have the most achievements in hunting and stuff. Ladies are turned on by the amount of dangerous prey you bring back.
Predator Jesus died. So they celebrate his violent death, for peace has no place amongst the strongest of them.
A Predator father trying to by a Turboman doll for his kid featuring Sinbad the comedian.
Hahaha. Now I want to see a movie about the Predator home world. Could you imagine, Predator plumbers, Predator businessmen, Predator teachers? I mean they have spaceships so there are obviously Predator scientists. White lab coats, clipboards, and glasses. Seems like a lot of potential there.


I don´t think so. In all likelihood they have enslaved other species for this purpose. Kind of like the spartans had helots.
Predator crossing guard.

Kids: "Uh, no thanks, we'll stay on this side of the road."
I always thought they were living on their planet in a Stone Age civilisation, constant clan warring and fighting, with no technology other than stone axes etc. 

Then another alien race, highly technologically evolved, invaded their planet with their spaceships and frickin laser beams.

But the predators were so badass, they straight up fucked up the invading aliens, killed them all, and took their spaceships and technology for their own. 
Predator DMV
It's pretty much a given at this point. 

Every Predator movie after 2 has some sort of third bigger badder enemy that we end up teaming up to kill in some capacity or another. 
if hollywood’s sexual predator roster was a video game it’d be rated E for everyone
Would make for an interesting way to explain why Egon is no longer in the franchise.
I heard it was "near the end," so maybe.
I really don't care. I've lost all hope over Hollywood blockbusters.
  
Call me a hipster, but nothing feels "original". I guess I'll stick to coming of age movies and rom coms lol.
That movie made me believe I am immortal!
“Ive got a big dick”
The Nice Guys is to me like The Big Lebowski is to my Mom; went in with expectations that weren't exactly met, but found myself coming back again and again only to find the movie funnier each time.
I watched that movie on repeat as a teen. 

Never understood why it was a flop. It was so sharp. 
A good portion (primarily the 2nd half) of his LW2 script was rewritten although some of the ideas were used.  Basically the original ending he had written was supposed to end with Riggs tearing down the stilt house and him dying after his fight in a burning field with the German guy that killed his wife. 

Shane Black was only credited for 3 and 4 for creating the characters.  I don't think he had much involvement other than that.
I totally agree. People get hung up over that Mandarin thing but, as someone that didn't have any background with the character, I thought it was a fantastic twist.

Although I do think their original plan to make the scientist lady the big bad of the movie rather than Guy Pearce's character (probably her running things behind the scenes with him being the face) would have been superior, but they were forced to change things because apparently female toys wouldn't have sold well.
I didn’t like the fact that Mel and Donald could beat Jet Li in his prime. 

I would have preferred a more “out there” solution to beating him. 

However the car chase scene was and remains the tits. 
I don't think I've ever seen an interview where she isn't being the most attention-seeking subjective narrator-of-events I've ever seen.

Her interviews are come-what-may reduced to being just about her perspectives, feelings, beliefs, and desires.  Watch when she is asked about objective facts—she immediately relates it to her and gabs about herself.

Its pretentious egotism.  I don't want to indulge *her* wants, I want to indulge *my* want to watch a predator fight some humans to the single only result of one human killing said predator only to be then presented with a random antique weapon by some other predator.  With one-liners not spoiled entirely by the trailers.
She was good in The Newsroom.  It seems to depend on the role she's given.
Her acting tends to be quite wooden. It's very odd.
Casting her as a major character is kind of a sign that bad decisions are being made.  For every Munn that you see in a trailer, there's dozens of other bad decisions lurking that you don't yet see until the lights go off in the theater.  

I'm right there with you 
Yes, thank you. Is IT too much to ask for an INTELLECTUAL to play a scientist???
Sheesh
I guess they did that with the full movie release too.
From the leaked script:

>Bonesaw Predator removes cloak and jumps down from the trees

[You’re going nooowhere!](https://giphy.com/gifs/zs4voEOa3fGKY)

>Bonesaw Predator does jazz hands
3mins of playtime 
TA-SER-FACE Predator!
The Predator lifting a skull and spinal cord saying “The cream rises to the top”
<Activates wrist timer bomb>

I GOTCHA FOR THREE MINUTES. THREE MINUTES OF PLAY TIIIIIIIME.
The basement doesn't change; only the uniforms of the guards holding the keys.
Well, there are 4 movies where that happens and countless comic books where the Predator always ends up dying. 
KNOCK KNOCK!
Yeah except that sounded like solider-humour.  This one sounds like it came from a focus-test group.

Plus hey, a bad joke is a bad joke.  Maybe that's his character?  But then why put the whole thing in the trailer?

I think people picking this out as being god awful have a point.  The completely messy tone of that trailer was...not encouraging, to say the least.
Thank you, I was going to say it was meant to be a stupid on the fly joke to pretend to anger the other guy.
Hell for all we know that could be this characters "thing".  He tells bad jokes and everyone around him hates it. I know when I tell a bad joke on purpose I do it exactly like that. 
[deleted]
I think it is to kick off a fake fight and get the soldiers to open the cage door
Absolutely, you're right. I love "bad" movies too actually.  
Works for me! As a perpetual fan of popular 1980s action movies I'm excited for this movie either way. 
See? This is what I was trying to avoid. A conversation about body mass...
Predator is smart enough to play with archetypes. The masculinity is gradually stripped from them by an enemy that they in the end never really overcome, despite their best effort.

John McTiernan knew what he was doing in that regard.

I doubt they're going to do anything that clever for the new movie.
[deleted]
Yes.  Yes she did. 
[This comment thread made me look it up. Unfortunate stuff, if you ask me.](http://www.plastic-surgery-mistakes.com/olivia-munn-plastic-surgery/olivia-munn-before-and-after-cosmetic-surgery/)
they making jokes about her face lift
Or the Predator just really wanted to kill Bill Paxton's annoying character.  
There you have it. Olivia Munn's character is preggo too.
Jurassic Predator 2: Back to the Choppa
[deleted]
Alan!
G͓͇͖̬̰ͅE̥̩̥̪̲T̫̫ ̨̝̳̪̯TO̥͝ ̟̞T̶͙̖͍͓̺H̺̭̙͝E ̵C̀H̰̦O͢P̢͉̻͚͈͇͖̲P͏A͖!̨
That bugged me so much. 
We have that now. Laser-guided bombs and missiles are a thing. 
square cube law, motherfuckers!
And then they showed respect and the trophy of the kill to Glover's character in the second movie. From Predators we could tell they were basically just pitting themselves against the deadliest humans they could find. 
That scene with the yakuza in the field was badass. I realize the movie was pretty out there, but that scene was dope.
Thank you for sourcing from the cannon!
The first one is very good, albeit cheesy for some people and minimal blood. Every creature looks amazing. 

AvP:R is... a good movie just for the Predator killing things and that’s it. 
Turn it into a drinking game or something.

Just no glass bottles, those will damage your TV when you throw them.
Predator lounge singers, Predator space car enthusiasts, Predator street magicians.  I could go in forever!
Predator Reddit. 
Predator nail salon.  Very popular.
They have writing though, so they are literate (in Predator, you see the countdown on the predators wrist). So they have an alphabet, a number system. How do they learn to read? Do they have schools, nurseries, textbooks, libraries?
*Predator screams
Remember predlets, decloak BEFORE crossing the road.
This is legitimately the canon explanation of the Klingons as a galactic power in Star Trek. The idea goes something like the Klingons were a sort of iron age civilization when they were invaded by a prissy, pious, "it is our destiny to spread out lord throughout the galaxy" species. The Klingon fucking slaughtered them despite the tech advantage and over the centuries co-opted their tech, which is why they are a space faring civilization who disrespected and scorns their meager population of scientists. 
If I recall correctly I think it's the last line, then cuts to the end after a few seconds. So yeah, basically the end. 
Touch me again and I'll kill ya.
>I didn’t like the fact that Mel and Donald could beat Jet Li in his prime.

Okay, this is a perfectly acceptable criticism. Li was like a force of evil nature in that movie, it was where I first noticed him and went through a big Li phase with Romeo Must Die and all the other forgettable American flicks he did lol.
i mean, you could just not watch interviews of her, and just watch the movie. i doubt they will stop the movie to interview her. i can't help that she might be your "last (wo)man standing" doubtful though that maybe judging by this trailer. and i can't help her acting ability, but at least you won't be subjected to her opinions during the actual movie.
Oooh, shots fired!  Dark Universe, do you have a rebuttal?  Dark Universe?  
THREE MINUTES OF PLAY TIIIIIME
ON BALANCE, OFF BALANCE, OOOOH YEAHHHH
I AIN'T GOT TIME TO BLEED!
I think it's just the way that it's cut into the trailer.  
What the fuck was she thinking holy shit...
RIP Bill "The Only Man To Get Killed By A Terminator, Alien, and Predator" Paxton
Plot twist: the Predator is the father!
At least we're not in the tree anymore
2 Jurassic 2 Predator: Electric Boogaloo
we also have small diameter bombs that are designed to penetrate a building and explode a single room leaving most of said building intact.
Single use though.
That's what makes the Predators cool.  Sure, they are the villains but they have honor.  Their culture is all about the hunt and they respect intelligent species who are worthy adversaries.  
If they wanted the deadliest human wouldn’t they have chosen Riggs?
I'm not  sure why Predators doesn't get more credit. I thought it was a great action movie that did something new with the series.
Predator series has actually some really cool lore, so I am just glad I got to share it for once!
Drinking out of paper cups while angrily watching AvP seems like a pretty decent afternoon. 
They could just start remaking old movies and replace everyone with predators.
I don't know why but the first thing that came to mind was The Predator santa Claus starting Tim Predator Allen
*Preddit
That may not have been their language. Although I agree, they have some kind of working society.
*Predator screams for cars to stop.
Yes and no. That’s the rumour to how they got their start but it’s stated outright in TNG (or DS9) that the lurch to a hypermilitarised ‘honour only in battle’ is a recent development in Klingon history. And that a couple of generations ago one could achieve just as much honour being a scientist or a lawyer.
It's bad, but it's no showing the shot of Spiderman fighting the Rhino even though that's literally the last shot of the movie
Just once, I would like to hear you scream in pain.
Nobody likes you, everyone hates you, you're gonna lose...smile you fuck.
Yes, that would be best.

My luck she'll be holding some old Iberian dagger by the end..
YOU GOT TIME TO DUCK?
Does Lance Henriksen count? Killed by a terminator, Predator and ripped in half then killed in a crash caused by an Alien counts for at least 2.75 of the 3 surely?
This is Lance Henriksen erasure
Life...uhhh...finds a way...to get to DA CHOPPA!
Let's be real though; how many missions do you think a raptor would go on before it inevitably gets shot or blown up? Shit, I'd be willing to bet it wouldn't even make it all the way through this imaginary building full of bad guys. Given how obsessed people seem to be with tranquilizing the dinos in these movies, it seems like they aren't easy to replicate and that losing a few would be a big deal. 

Other advantages of laser-guided munitions over raptors:

 You don't have to feed the bomb when it's not being used. You don't have to have a climate controlled room for the bomb. You can cram the bomb really close to other bombs for storage. Depending on the bomb, it's much cheaper than what people were willing to pay for a dino in the movie. And most importantly, you don't have to worry about the bomb getting loose and randomly killing people. 
Amen, it's what differentiates them from so many other scary 'monsters' in movies.
One of the good things with Predators is that it looks like a sequel to the other two. I think they tried to emulate the look (film stock and grading) from the first film.
Eric just isn't serial killer material.
Yea I loved it. Especially the twist with the Doctor. Can't beilve I don't realize it sooner. Figures they would abduct hunters of every kind including ambush hunters.
Only thing I personally would have changed is to let the final survivors go home. I feel sorry for them to be stuck there. :(
Heck, Make a marathon out of it and watch Predators and AVP: Requiem while you're there. Mystery Science Theater the whole thing.
> The Predator santa Claus starting Tim Predator Allen

*The Predator Claus - screenplay gold.  
I’d certainly watch Predator’s 12 where they have the steal the faberge xenomorph egg

Edit: grammar
The movie starts off with the predator hunting Tim Allen.  Once he is killed it is revealed that This is the Santa Claus Tim Allen. Because the predator killed Santa, he becomes the new Santa.  And then we get to watch as the Predator fumbles through trying to be the next Santa.  He ends up killing a lot of people, but he does successfully delivers all the toys. 
Predator neck beards. 
*shoots out giant holographic stop sign (in Predator alphabet) from helmet lasers.
> And that a couple of generations ago one could achieve just as much honour being a scientist or a lawyer.

Might also be a component in Star Trek: The Undiscovered Country.
Im still very pissed about that. 
Are we not gonna talk about the end of The Incredibles?
It's one of those new plastic keys, the kind that shred!
Play some rap music 
WHAT'S DA MATTA? CIA GOT YOU PUSHING TOO MANY PENCILS?
I say yes.

I mean Batman said he wasn going to kill Ra's Al Ghul, but by not saving him and letting him crash in the train, doesn't that count as a kill?
It's about family. Who is your daddy and what does he do? If it bleeds, we can kill it.
Now imagine riding the bomb shirtless.
He's too big a dumbass.
They supposedly get a fresh group of people to help survive every once in awhile so I don’t think it would be completely shit. Well, unless the Predators decide to just say fuck it and nuke the planet.
That predator looks just like Julia Roberts 
And we all learn a heartwarming lesson about what Christmas is really about. Laser rifles and spine trophies
Wow. I really want to see this now.
*Predditors 
Ra's Al Ghul made his own decision to be on that train.  He's a strong, independent villain who don't need no Batman.
So... you are asking if you get the kill for fall damage?
- found the Fortnite player
We get to see a child open up his gift from Santa on Christmas Day.  It's an elf spin. He's thrilled.  
This name has already been taken by the users of /r/portland.
