Am I an asshole to say that : I'm actually afraid they don't know how to act since they are not professionnal. I hope their acting is not bleak as hell.
Must have been weird for them.
how the fuck is clint eastwood 87 and still making movies almost every year?!?
Its really weird they used the actual guys who were there.   It kinda feels like that propaganda film in Inglorious Bastards.  
Poor Judy Greer. She always gets cast to cry and be left behind. 
Casting the real dudes is such an interesting decision. It's like Eastwood was working on the credits for Sully, had all the survivors around him, and thought, "this is my next movie."


Bold move to use the actual people around a bunch of actors. Must’ve been weird for them to film this.

I’d like to say they probably made it easier on Eastwood to get the facts straight but then, I’m thinking that I’d love a sensationalized Hollywood movie about my heroics if they were making one. So, this should be fun.
Looks interesting, but, goddamn, can we stop with the generic-ass lines in these movies? Could the foreshadowing be any more blunt?

All this talk of being "chosen" and having a "higher purpose" is just so . . . cliche.
When Clint Eastwood watches the news, the only thing on his mind is "When can we start production?".
As a French woman, I feel very grateful for these Americans to have been on that train and prevented a massacre. However, I’m quite peeved that Clint Eastwood chose to portray only the Americans as « ordinary heroes » and not the two Frenchmen that were also there to stop this attack: Damien A. who was wounded and the first to try and stop the terrorist and Mark Moogalian who was also very seriously injured. 
I feel like this is going to be a pro gun propaganda fest in which Americans always end up saving the day, the world, protecting smaller nation from the big bag foreign enemy and France and French are reduced to cowering cowards. 
Yeah... idk about this, the whole premise is weird and I really dont understand why he would use the actual guys instead of real actors. 

Clint Eastwood is a fantastic director however, so I’m not gonna write it off. 
I don't care if it's Clint Eastwood but a film about an event that lasted several minutes? Really? What could they possibly entertain me with through hour and a half of this movie?
Feels like American Sniper 2
So, not a remake of [3:10 to Yuma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3\:10_to_Yuma_\(1957_film\))?

Audie Murphy played himself in To Hell and Back. Most decorated soldier in US history.
Damn, this looks worse than American Sniper. I miss Clint’s older work before he went completely overboard on extreme patriotism. 
I'm really interested in watching this just to see how the performances turn out. I can't think of anyone doing anything like this in the modern era. Casting the actual people to portray themselves in a dramatic film about an event they experienced is wild to me and I just want to see what the final product is.

Not that interested in the story itself honestly.
I wonder how Les Brown plays into the movie, or if they just used his narration to hit a certain note in the trailer.
making a drama based off a tense real life event is fine but does anyone really wanna see these three dudes' entire life stories from childhood? why
Hey you guys remember when Clint Eastwood directed Flags of Our Fathers? A movie about how forcing American soldiers to relive their traumas for the sake of entertainment is dehumanizing?
Looks like it'll suffer from 'Sully' syndrome. A short event padded with too much filler and unnecessary fluff.
this is a super interesting idea. Has there ever been other films similar to this? Not just a cameo from the real person at the end?
I'll be happy to ignore this film: any terrorist and condescending right-wing propaganda deserves to be ignored
To be honest I don't want to like this, but I did enjoy the trailer in a hamfisted fell good about being American sort of way. But I feel a little weird watching the actual heroes reenacting a dramatized version of the event, and then waxing about it in some screen writer's voice. 
OT, but does anyone remember a Japanese (or English) movie where a couple of samurai wielding terrorists hacked their way through a bullet till they reached the engine where they had to fight a good guy?
At some point does he talk to an empty chair?
I can't wait to see this one
Okay, late to the party, but I found out that the selling point is that these are the real guys from that train. It's sort of like that SEAL team movie a few years back that cast actual SEAL's in the lead roles.

What other movies are like this ? The "Real People not Actors" genre, I guess.
true americans.
Some are saying this is propaganda. How? 
What is this based on?
eastwood does not, has not, make bad movies. go see release this film.
Why is Eastwood making these Murica propaganda films?
This looks fantastic! Congrats Clint Eastwood! 
Those frogs were so damn lucky there was an American solider on board.
[deleted]
> Must have been weird for them.

I'm really interested in the dynamic on set. Was Eastwood very understanding of their experience and input or were there moments when they would try to play it from memory and he told them to do it differently because the scene called for it? I'd like to think it's the previous which means it should make for an accurate recreation.
I'm getting Act of Valor flashbacks

i fear that it may detract from  the immersive experience of the film. The part with the coke can took me out of the trailer immediately. Hopefully the more tense moments won't suffer the same fate. I'd imagine it must be difficult having to recreate such a horrifying experience.
>  I'm actually afraid they don't know how to act since they are not professionnal. 

https://youtu.be/9Rq-7zEVuwI?t=11s
He's always been in immaculate shape. He turned 40 the year while he filmed Dirty Harry, and doesn't look a day older than 30 in the movie.
Eastwood 2024
I just imagine him slumped over in a director's chair, staring at a monitor and muttering "action... cut... action... cut... action..." while a team of Assistant Directors and Producers run around doing all of the actual work.
That is a spot on comparison.  Nicely done
Which is what they said about American Sniper as well.
Inglorious Bastards propaganda film was about a German sniper that had 100+ kills, and who portrayed himself in the film. This concept has fell on Eastwoods latest 2 films, kinda weird.
*Kinda?*

I really hope it didn't take you this long to discover what a fanatical propagandist Clint Eastwood has become in his old age.
I know what you mean. Also, they are using the real people in the real incident and that's supposed to bait us into wanting to see it more. And it makes it harder to criticize because it's almost like you're criticizing the real heroes. 
It's weird until you remember it's Clint Eastwood and he kind of just does as he pleases. Got respect being at that level of power and clout.
Clint has one foot firmly planted in the chest thumping nationalism that feeds the market for that exact type of film. Hoping he's able to elevate this one past that level of film.
It's just as weird to think that they'd actually agree to do it. There's a fine line between heroism and calling oneself a hero.
I don't think so at all, they're not very comparable IMO.

If you wanna watch films like the one in Inglorious Bastards, they exists. They were made in the 40's and 50's. They look decidedly different than this - these people literally stopped a terrorist, they're pretty heroic. They're quite similar to that Pakistani kid who tackled a suicide bomber - would we think that a film about him was Pakistani propaganda?
I think that's Jenna Fisher.
Take a good look then Michael, because this is the last time you'll ever see these! 
She's so incredibly hot, i don't even know why i think but she is so cute to me. 
Tag lines in general need to die a death. 
I think this whole thing is incredibly cringey but how do you know this movie doesn't treat the two Frenchmen as heroic figures yet? Maybe they're just not in the trailer because the film follows these other guys around. 
i feel you
That is exactly what this movie is. It's propaganda porn. 
[deleted]
I would agree with you but he did JUST do Sully lol
Their life. How they went to Iraq or Afghanistan or how they lived through the hardship of waiting in front of the principal's office or how they were visiting europe. They're all very interesting things.....
But there's the REAL HEROES! That's why you want to see it. The story could be bland, and too long, and poorly acted because of the protagonists are played by real people, and not professionally trained actors, but the catch is that they're the real people from the story. 

(It's hard to get a sarcastic tone in text, but hopefully it came through.)
Have you seen that movie? How good was his acting?
American Sniper was a pretty good film. Even forgetting AS, Sully was a very good film on all fronts, and it's not extremely patriotic or anything.
> why

Because like most old people, Eastwood gets overly excited by the news and decided to make a movie from a headline. Then he realized he had to fill 90 minutes from a 5 minute event.
I loved Sully :(
Kiarostami's Close Up used the real people involved entirely
It's a reimagined retelling of the stunning true story of American historian Benjamin Franklin Gates and his quest to find the fabled treasures of his ancestors, which leads him to steal the Declaration of Independence.  
[deleted]
if you're filming people who aren't actors, does the number of takes matter? how much better acting are you gonna get out of someone who is not an actor? real actors get frustrated at doing multiple takes, imagine a non-actor being asked to repeatedly redo the same scene.
I know he can be jingoistic at times, but often his overly American themes and style just fucking rock.

I hope this is made up more of the latter, as it does look like its more about the making of the men in the situation life put them in. 
The US dabbled in similar propaganda filmmaking; Audie Murphy portrayed himself in *To Hell And Back*. His war hero status ignited his film career.

Well, I think American Sniper had a little more to it about him putting duty before his family and what that costed him and the emotional toll of War. But Clint Eastwood always has painted war heroes in a positive light, and people in general. So many of his movies are about people as heroes and their personal struggles, between Sully, Sniper, this new movie, Letters, Flags, and a shit ton of his Westerns. I think in his Old Age it is getting more sappy though.
> Which is what they said about American Sniper as well.

American Sniper is propaganda..

>  This concept has fell on Eastwoods latest 2 films, kinda weird.

What is weird about it? Eastwood is the only person who decides what movies he makes. Also he has always championed right wing characters. Ever heard of Dirty Harry?

Seth Rogan said this on Twitter and got a lot of shit for it. 
I thought it was Peter Berg's job.  
That's a good point.   Now the movie creeps me out even more. 
And the ability to still churn them out every year at his age.
They're both in the film.
„This ends now!“
Just a guess from the trailer. I could be wrong. I hope I am. 
They're not shown on the character list.
Clint Eastwood's political agenda (cf American Sniper).

It reminds me of this: [when Hollywood did United 93](http://atlanticreview.org/archives/396-German-911-Victim-Defamed-in-United-93-Movie.html), a movie that was well done beside the point I will raise. In this movie about the 9/11 attacks, they "represented" the persons in the plane that crashed in the countryside missing its target. One of the deceased passenger was a German man. The German man in the movie spends the entire time locked in the bathroom crying and at some point cowardly tries to prevent the rest of the (American) passengers' plan to try and defeat the terrorists. There's no evidence this ever happened. The movie was presented as a "meticulous and real time account of the events".

It's an American movie, the European are the cowards and the American the heroes. Why not, but it adds insult to injury when it's based on real people. I bet you money this will be the same thing in this movie.


[deleted]
there was at least litigation that followed in the case of Sully. People questioning the legitimacy of a life saving act is kinda the drama of Sully, not the act itself.
Can't wait to be enthralled by the depictions of Christmas shopping at Lady Footlocker or getting gouged by the mechanic for an oil change. I'm most interested to see how Eastwood handles the ticket purchasing scene since I can see it playing out several different ways.
He's okay in it - the film was a huge hit in its day. He made many other movies afterwards, mostly Westerns.
Sully was a good film. I saw it at the dollar theater and had no regrets, plus my dad loves coming to the theater to see biopics with me.

I found American Sniper too heavy handed though. I liked Bradley Cooper's performance and everything, but the script and the overall message didn't sit super well with me. 

Or because people watch and enjoy movies about what led other people to moments of significance all the time. I think they call it "storytelling" or something similar.
A lot of people did. It’s not a bad movie at all.
haha.

The Librarian is one of my favorite movies.
This is the exact plot to Tomb Raider.
Those first guys were so damn lucky there was an American soldier on board.
I think a good director could probably get better acting out of people with more takes. Like by talking to them and trying to get good reactions out of them by helping them remember similar incidents in their own life, or here, the exact incidents in their lives.
I think Pete Berg and Clint should have a jig-off to see who can make the most blindly American worship film of all time.
Jingoistic. More like Jing-bro-istic, am I right. /s
Yeah it’s not a exact comparison more in direct. Inglorious bastards was pretty much the sniper in the tower in a 100+ kill streak - American Sniper was about far more - I only wish Chris Kyle was still alive today to her his reaction and response to the criticisms behind his story and the whole Jesse Ventura thing, but it’s done now
Sniper was an odd situation, because it has a decidedly anti-war message (through its depiction of PTSD) - but it was thoroughly adopted and championed by conservatives as a patriotic film about an American hero. The heartland made that film one of the highest-grossing R-rated flicks of all time, almost in spite of what it says about the US' role in the Middle East.
Say what you want about Eastwood and his views be they social or political, but something I always admired in his stories is that he always tries to focus on the best parts of people. 
Seth Rogan got shit because he said it while US servicemembers like the ones portrayed in *American Sniper* were stationed in South Korea literally and quite specifically defending his freedom to make movies like *The Interview*.
There can be more than one but I would consider Peter Berg as more of an opportunist.
That's true. And these went on the same kind of Today show media tour that Sully went on, but without any of the interesting stuff going on underneath - just universal adoration haha
Don't forget one of the guy appeared in Dancing With The Stars. This will be the credit scene I bet.

So meaningful, so much destiny. A great finale!
i don't necessarily disagree with that, but i think you're likely to get a better performance out of actual actors.
Michael Bay wins
The coolest thing about the Inglorious Basterds is you are watching these Nazis cheer on the sniper during this movie and then you get all jacked up when you watch the Basterds literally do the same thing to them, in the theatre they are cheering in, while you cheer it on. Layers man.
I guess that's the point of art and movies like that. You can take what you want from it depending on your views and experiences and how you analyze film. I saw it as a war-torn hero who just couldn't leave the war behind to live a life of peace. Then when he tries to turn his experiences into something good, he gets killed for it. It's kind of like a Western if you really think about it. But whether you like it or not, there is no arguing that it was a "well-made" film deserving of accolades.
The thing is that the "heartland" is anti-war, contrary to how they make it out to be in the news. The difference is that the media plays it up like they are a bunch of war-loving rednecks. In reality, they have lost so much. So many soldier's lives lost come from the heartland. They still voted for Trump and he has been saying since day 1 that going into Iraq is one of the worst decisions made by any US President in history. I think most of them might agree with that.

The problem is that too often the media, or the left, demonizes the soldier, the individual, rather than demonizes the people that led them into war. Don't forget, the anti-Vietnam movement was decidedly anti-Soldier. They literally were spitting on soldiers when they returned home, screamed at them, called them psychotic murderers. Most of them were nothing of the sort. Hell, most of them were drafted too.

That anti-soldier culture has somewhat faded because they realized that politically, they could not win elections by acting that way, so they adapted, but it is still there a little bit. When American Sniper came out, the media immediately went on a crusade to discredit Chris Kyle in any way possible. They called him a psychotic murdered, an egomaniac that loved to kill people. The called him a child murderer. They spat on him, both in life and on his grave, yet he may very well be directly responsible for saving the lives of hundreds of our service men and women. He was a true hero... And, American Sniper showed that. It showed how war sometimes things are not so black and white. It showed the toll it took on his life, the PTSD. It was absolutely an anti-war film.

But, look how much effort was spent to discredit the film, to make it seem like a pro-war propaganda film. To make it seem like they were glorifying murder, which it wasn't.

So, the people on the right, not having forgotten the previous anti-soldier hate of the left (the younger generation may may not be familiar with it), immediately get defensive and protective over Chris Kyle. They immediately see it not just as an attack on him, but an attack on the dignity of all soldiers who put their lives on the line, the left is merely just attacking Chris Kyle as a proxy.

The question I have is this... why in the hell are people so obsessively angry about this film casting the real people? Why are they so quick to call this a propaganda film? Why is that the assumption they are making after watching this trailer?

I think the inherent bias some people have, just by seeing a soldier being portrayed in a positive light in any way, even in their person lives, is kind of telling.
so what your saying is Clint Eastwood gets his movie ideas from early morning news shows
Oh, yeah! I totally agree! Honestly, I think the whole "performed by the real heroes" thing is just a gimmick to make people interested in this movie. My only point with that was just that getting many takes would be helpful in any scenario, despite acting experience. But yeah, actual actors is probably always the way to go.
Like a Onion
> it was a "well-made" film deserving of accolades.

They used a fucking doll, man.
> The problem is that too often the media, or the left, demonizes the soldier, the individual, rather than demonizes the people that led them into war. Don't forget, the anti-Vietnam movement was decidedly anti-Soldier. They literally were spitting on soldiers when they returned home, screamed at them, called them psychotic murderers. Most of them were nothing of the sort. Hell, most of them were drafted too.

And you are forgetting and ignoring that the anti-war movement was also protesting Washington leadership and that it is the pro-war propaganda machine that has turned opposition to war into being synonymous with being "anti-soldier".

The so called "anti-soldier culture" is mythology that the right wing has created.  

That doesn't hurt my point at all.
Doesn't it, though?  There's a key scene in the film where the main character is playing with a doll and pretending it's his live baby.  It's like something out of a student film.

The other 99% of the film is well-made, but you have to admit that one scene is weirdly amateurish.
I guess... but in movies we pretend things all the time. Jaws didn't use a real shark, Princess Leia wasn't alive in that Rogue One movie. I would just call it not wanting to deal with a baby.
Right, because clearly a great white shark eating people and visually de-aging a person by 40 years are the same thing as a baby being a baby, great analogy.
