"Becoming Lara Croft" featurette: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWXq7mKcx5s
Why do I feel like the "I'll take two" scene is the very last scene in the movie?
And Nick Frost as Michael Caine.
*Holds X to jump higher* 
Wait where are the other crew members of the Endurance? The crew members demise played a big role in developing Lara's character in the game. 
Not enough "SAAAAAAAAAAM" 
Looks like another move that is going to hit 25 % on RT and make Hollywood shout at us: "Why are we not making any money?!" 
Apparently this is the first screenplay by Geneva Robertson-Dworet, who has no prior credits. She will also be writing the script for Capitan Marvel and Gotham Sirens. Looks like the film studios are putting a lot of faith in her. 
Nothing like a cliche as fuck trailer! 

Also, oh my god, that soundtrack looped the entire trailer. 
Goddamn Jimmy McNulty always up to something
I thought Hollywood and us viewers all agreed that 
"if your watching/listening to this, then I must be dead" 
cliché had run its course?

"The fate of humanity is in your hands" Wow so I guess this is gonna be one of those end of the world ending plots again. Why does have every movie have to do this? I thought this movie was inspired by the recent reboot of the games where it tells the tale of a more gritty survival Lara Croft.
Not sold on the trailer. She feels like a weird mix of Jolie-Lara and 2013 reboot-Lara. Not strong/badass enough to be over the top enjoyable but not weak/inexperienced enough for us to care for her on an emotional level.
I love adventure type movies like these, but this felt pretty generic.  Granted it is a bad trailer and could just be in the edit and music, but I'm cautious about this one moving forward.
Anyone else annoyed by how shes holding the bow and arrow? Seems so fake
If anything, Walton Goggins will play an extremely charming villain, which I'm always down for.
On one hand it seems to be using some of the setting of the first (rebooted) game (2013) which is great.

On the other it looks like it relies on heavy cliches such as "only X can stop this" recorded message, "main villain killed my father" and the likes which is terrible.


I'll be honest, I will eventually see this movie. But this trailer hasn't convinced me to pay for it, specially in theaters. 

Let's see if trailer #2 can change that.
Looks like another generic action movie with dubious CGI. I wish it well but I doubt this is the movie to break the "bad video game adaptation" label. 
Wow this looks incredibly cliched.

>You're so much like your father

>What do you know about my father?

>You look like your father

>If you're watching this, I must be dead

>Some ancient evil that needs to be stopped by finding a series of clues

>Slow mo with that same fucking sound effect

Looks about as vanilla as possible. 


And the award for the most generic trash trailer goes to...
Didn't mind the trailer.  Hated the scream when she jumped on the plane wing... sounds off to me. 
I really like Vikander but she doesn't embody Lara Croft in the same way that Jolie did, you know? When Anjelina Jolie was on screen, I felt like I was watching Lara Croft. This trailer made me feel like I was watching someone play Lara Croft. Anyone know what I mean? 
I'm a huge fan of the Tomb Raider franchise and of Miss Vikander but this doesn't excite me at all
This looks and sounds like a B-movie cheese fest. I'm scared.
The best part of the game plot was that the stakes were just her trying to survive and save her friend.


Why did they make it another save the world/humanity storyline...
I like Alicia as an actress but I really don't know how I feel about this yet. It's obviously following the rebooted franchise, but I can't tell if she is the right fit.
Eww, what is that music? Just saying, if you're going to sync the action sound fx to the music, the music should be less generic.
This looks like shit.
[deleted]
#HOLY SHIT

#IT'S NICK FROST
Very very generic trailer. Without the IP name on this, it doesn’t stand out at all. The overused slow-mo and typical VROOOM sound effects don’t help any either. 

Alicia didn’t really impress me in the small amount we see her. Jolie still looks to be the more convincing Lara Croft. 
"The fate of humanity is now in your hands" No, no, no, NOOOOOO! That is the threat you're going start out with for an origin story of a non-proven youngster? That is somewhat of an ok storyline for an Avengers sequel, but even for them it's unnecessary, dull, and stale. It has no tension, since it's a tired plot that can't possibly come to pass. For Lara Croft, a single capable human, a more smaller scale, personal story was needed.
The 2013 Tomb Raider game is one of my favorite video games I've played. If this reaches a tenth of the greatness of that game, my expectations are met.  
Probably in the minority but I think this could be a fun movie . It doesn't look as bad as I expected . Then again I see Vikander and will pretty much watch anything with her . 
I was honestly cautiously optimistic due to some of the set photos. But that looked like absolute trite. I was hoping they'd go for something relatively grounded and gritty. It's like they learned absolutely nothing from the Assassin's Creed movie. They honestly believe that the vast majority of gamers are pubescent testosterone junkies that can't follow a coherent story. 
I don't want to bash it but this trailer didn't get me hyped like I was hoping. The Assassin's Creed atleast had some hype shots but this one...I dunno.

I'm going to keep a positive outlook but it didn't give the punch I wanted.

A secondary question. Are video game adaptations really *that* hard to do? Smh.
Hmmmmmmmm *face frowns* 

I'm fairly sure, based on the trailer, this will be generic holywood crap.

Shame, as I was looking forward to it 


We need a more grounded Lara story not a world ending crises with (fully expected) OTT supernatural/alien power 
This looks pretty bad.  I had high hopes for this even though I didn't agree with the casting.  Almost reminds me of the resident evil movies taking the best parts of the game and sticking them into their crappy plot.
red flags: dull generic trailer music, bad-looking cgi/green screening. also the way she drew the bow looked off - like the string had no resistance at all. if the director is sloppy about easy things, its probably a safe bet the rest of the movie is going to be poor.
[deleted]
I'm honestly not trying to troll but wow that really, REALLY looks like crap. Do studios just have templates for shitty films or something? They've got a potentially massive franchise on their hands here with a built-in fanbase and everything (not to mention women action heroes being "in" at the moment) and this is what they do with it? Garbage. Pure fucking garbage. 

And no, I'm not going to reserve judgment until I see it because I won't see it because there is no way in hell this will be anywhere near moderately entertaining or coherent. What's with the stupid-ass jumps? Is that supposed to look cool or something? Fucking Hollywood has lost its goddamn mind. 
WALTOR GIGGINS
Looks like an extended cutscene from the game, but I'm sure the CGI will improve
Should've cast Camilla Luddington, considering she embodies the current iteration of Lara. Instead we get in big bold red letters "Academy Award Winner bla bla bla", nobody cares. Tonally the trailer (especially the final shot) seems completely off considering it's playing so close to the first game. It seems like it was cast by a committee that only saw a couple of set pieces from the game(s) and remembered Angalina's iteration along with triangle boobs.
Oh Dear, Oh Dear, Oh Dear.

the trailers terrible. 
The lighting design in the new games looked better than this trailer.
Over or under 30% on RT?
Really smelling Hollywood in this trailer. I hope the film doesn't.
I am pretty sure that Nick Frost scene was the ending...
I kinda expected it (before seeing the poster) to aim for a darker & grittier tone but it seems like it aims for something similar to the Jolie movies while apparently being at least visually heavily inspired by the 2013 game.


I'm surprised how generic this looks. If it was any other wilderness adventure film it wouldn't be so bad but it's an established ip.  I think it's cause it's shot so plainly. Like every shot even when the boat was sinking was just medium straight forward. It makes me miss the batman begins trailer for how visually interesting it was 
This movie gonna horrible fails.
I am pretty bummed that this went full bore action adventure and didn't follow the 2013 game which had two grounding aspects to it, a sense of horror and a realism from her first kill and the resulting PTSD. 

I really wanted to see her wash up and us get [the scene where she was found on the beach and strung up by the cannibals](https://youtu.be/p_U4JBNhKN8?t=3m) in a cave full of blood and bones and a strung up dead person. The horror aspect of those scenes I feel like could have added depth, compared to what we got in this trailer which seems to be straight up action adventure. 
Okay here we go... WHY THE FUCK IS IT A SAVE THE WORLD MOVIE?!?! It's a fucking tomb raider movie! Just raid some god damn tombs and call it a day
So people not liking the movie trailer are being downvoted... bots? The studio? What’s going on here? This does not look good, it looks like a rental. The effects, slow-mo, and line delivery are so cheesy. 
Wew lad... I'm so sad good video game movies aren't possible. 
[deleted]
why does she have to save the world? Isn't it enough agency for her to just save herself? I'm tired of these overly grand plots
I was already on board before I knew Walton Goggins was in this. What a treat. 
Y'all being too polite. Looks like hot garbage
This movie is so going to bomb 
 Is Uwe Boll still making movies?
Lets see how she handles the river slide, the one Conan O Brien showed off in his gameplay.
I just kind of cringed through the whole trailer.
I'm excited, but she looks way too.. hm.. *clean*. You know? In the newer games she really gets all dirty and bloody and fucked up and it makes you root for her cause she perseveres through it all. She looks like she stepped out of the shower in like every shot they've shown so far. Really hoping for an R rating so they can match up with the brutality of the newer games. 
Looks overall horrible.
Why not Camilla Luddington? She did a fantastic job and is hotter.
I can't decide what's funnier... the way she says, "it'll be an adventchaaa" or that little scream she lets out right before the title appears
I am not getting Lara Croft vibes from Alicia Vikander. I know its a fictional character with many many versions, but I dont really get the general vibe from her face and expression at all. Like she lacks a bit of "fierce".
I can see the concept of "vidya game movies will be new superheroes" dying on our eyes.

Seriously, this looks painfully generic. It might be the trailer editing, but after assassin's creed I've lost my hope. 
I'm embarrassed for everyone involved.
Bad trailer.  I'll wait for the next trailer to decide if the movie is worth a theater trip.  It seems unfair to judge the movie based on this.
Please don't kill Daniel wu in the first half :( Or have him betray lara at the last second. 

The trailer hit a ton of action movie cliches. But I really want this to do well. I love Indiana Jones type movies.
Cliché everywhere
Nothing about this movie screams a big blockbuster release. The way its shot, the writing and the poster released all look straight to DVD/TV. The trailer was bad and the last shot was CLEARLY the final line of the movie to set up a sequel. 
This looks really bad
Looks like a fun action flick.

One thing that bugs me as something that trailers seem to be doing now.  I remember a while back, someone I watched on youtube complained about how every trailer since Inception had this huge blaring noise that caught on into other trailers and would play for epic effect and after they pointed out I could never not notice it.

It feels like the new trend is this slowly escalating, almost horror movie music that immediately cuts to silence or calm for a few seconds then repeats a couple times.  Am I crazy or is that starting to catch on because in way it's a good effect, but in another way it's annoying to start noticing it in everything.
Feels like Daniel Wu and Nick Frost wandered off the set of Badlands to be in this movie by accident.
Okay, here's my problem with the Laura Croft movie and the new games:

Lara Croft is no longer a character. She's been turned into "generic tough girl".

Was the original Lara Croft a little too sexualized? Yes. Yes she was. But she also had at least some resemblance of a character. The new Lara Croft doesn't seem to have any character.
After reading the comments, I feel like I’m the only person who genuinely got excited for the movie after this trailer.  But that could just be the tomb raider fanboy in me 
This will bomb.
I'd rather see the story of her tricking the butler to go into the walk in refrigerator and getting locked in.

She looks more like a cosplayer than Lara Croft to me. However, I'm super stoked to see Walton Goggins again. I miss Boyd Crowder. 
Can we please stop making shitty video game movies? Please?
Im still salty they didnt get daisy ridley for lara
Let me save all of you some time and trouble. This movie will be ass
So...this looks pretty bad. Especially that CGI. 
Wow this looks terrible, how is this any different from the Angelina Jolie movies
Is she supposed to be 16 or something? Because she looks 16.
  
I always thought of Lara as more of a female Indiana Jones type. A little older, that is, much like Angelina Jolie in the previous ones.
#WALTON FUCKIN GOGGINS

AND

#NICK FUCKING FROST!

NICCEEE!! 
[Because her ponytail is braided, and those are the same two-tone, compensated HK pistols from the other movies...](https://i.imgur.com/VAHdKVD.jpg)
That makes sense, she's definitely not strolling (or washing up) onto that island armed
Would make sense. It's the same thing as in the reboot video game, essentially. The whole story is about her "becoming" Lara Croft and growing into the role that had always already been well-established in the pre-reboot canon. So in the game, as she's finishing up the final boss she picks up a second pistol from the ground and finally gets to do her signature akimbo shooting. This scene is probably the movie version of that.
It takes two to make a think go riiiight. That's going to be the credits song. 
You were exactly right! Bravo.
Damn, you clutched it.
They dragged Nick Frost into this, too. RIP
To be honest between him, Walton Goggins, and Dominic West I'm confident in at least three of the supporting characters so perhaps they can help the mains a bit. Probably not, but a guy can dream. 
Bajie and Sunny back at it again!
LMAO yo she FLEW at the end of the trailer
*Falls and dies*

Fuck it. I’m gamesharking this bitch.
[Continue? 3...2...1] (https://imgur.com/CNb0sLl)
While the film looks to almost certainly be garbage, I'm pretty impressed with how faithful it appears to be to the tone of the new games.
*Holds O hoping this will finally end the shitty videogame movie streak*
I feel. Like they were intentionally going for a video game thing there
https://i.imgur.com/xnUL0vH.gif
Does this looks like a movie where character development matters to you?
They probably just combined all of the side characters into one guy. It's a pretty common hollywood technique to have one really good side character vs a bunch of not very fleshed out characters. Morph them all into one and hope that makes more depth. 
I didn't get the impression that this was trying to go anywhere near the game's story. It's just taking the generic concept of "Lara's first adventure" and doing a completely separate story around that.
Seriously though, the relationship between Lara and Sam is the driving force of the first game. How the fuck can you leave that character out?
Exactly. No Sam, no deal.

Edit: And Grim. Fucking love Grim.
they're going to make the really obvious lesbian relationship straight. Which sucks 
WITNESS THE BEGINNING

...of a dead on arrival franchise
[deleted]
>  "Why are we not making any money?!"

Their explanation is piracy, I presume.
It's those damned tomatoes again! Ruining our movie scams! Let us take the stupid people money you stupid tomatoes! 
A more believable protagonist would be step one to make a good movie. She looks like a fragile 50kg teenager with a lot of self-tanning applied. They couldn't have chosen a more petite framed "girl" for a role that got rebooted to display a strong build young woman toughing up.


#
This is one of the most confusing things. I've seen her imdb page. Her credits for upcoming films are stacked. I have no idea how or why she's suddenly writing the scripts for so many big budget movies without any previous writing credits beyond making the Black List.
A few hundred quid says she's someone's niece
They've been doing that with new directors too so they can control everything and not pay them well. The product is usually... not too good.
DUM DUM
I thought it was going to break into a cover of Black Betty, but it just kept repeating. 
i just took a shit

DUM DUM

it was glorious

DUM DUM

i think im keeping it

DUM DUM

find out more in 2018 march
[deleted]
Was gonna say the same thing about the music. The trailer was also a bit cut to hell in general, which doesn't help. Not sure why they had to cut to a close up of Nick Frost while he was speaking- I mean, probably to shorten the line, but still.
I'll take that looping beat as opposed to what I thought was gonna happen, have it be a lead-in to some rap song.
It's from "No Wow" by The Kills by the way.
What the fuck did I do? *Shrug*
Shiiit
the evil tomb is just a ploy to get more police budget 
Good police. 
JIMMEHHHHH
He needs to learn from his partner and becomes more of a humble motherfucker, with a big ass dick.
Sounds like he's got that British accent down a bit better.
Fuckity, fuck, fuck....fuck!
Who was McNutty playing? I noticed Shane fuckin Vendrell as the bad guy though.
Damn I didn't notice him at first

SHAME
He’s gotta be...it’s America, man...
Do people in risky businesses not record farewell messages?
It makes a lot of sense with Tomb Raider though.  
And he was saying it in such a nonchalant tone. like dude you know the world is ending and you are just like "hey sprout hope you decide to save the world." 
The reboot that had an ancient witch queen and ogre samurai? 
I cringed at that line.
Yep. The movie is going to be bogged down by some bs plot about her father's legacy and some evil organisation that she has to stop to save the world and learn an important truth about her father. So overdone. Just needs to be a simple story of a young adventurer getting stranded on an island and being ambushed by a bunch of scumbags who live there. Throw in some ancient culture and maybe have a mcguffin that she needs to find and bam you got a decent story for a movie. You know, like the plot of the game. Would work just fine. But now we'll get a 20 min opening act to set all this world ending secret evil group and my father died to protect the world boring nonsense.
I really hate "end of the world" plots now. There's no suspense or room for failure cos if they fail they lose the world, which in a film like this is never gonna happen. 
It's basically the plot of the comics and sequel, though I would have preferred if they didn't put the Trinity reveal in the trailer.
Honestly, if you put me in a situation where the fate of humanity was in my hands, I'd say "eh. Are the puppies safe though?"
I'd love a more human character, she doesn't seem very vulnerable or human. Hard to relate to someone like that.
I was more engaged during the action scenes when she was running about and actually doing things but in the scenes where she was just standing still - did not buy at all. Vikander is great but I think she looks too petite and soft to play someone like Lara Croft. 
That's the thing, Jolie's Lara was sexy and fun. Didn't take it too seriously, was sort of above it all kinda like Deadpool lite. Exactly what a game like this needs in a movie adaptation.
I don't think the actress was the reason I wasn't sold on the trailer though.
This is exactly what I was thinking. This really seems like a combination of the Lara's. It's weird. 
Ya. This looks very predictable. Barring stellar reviews, which I find unlikely, I'll be sitting this one out and hoping the Uncharted movie doesn't suck.
I said it yesterday but to me it looks like the bow and arrow are both CGI'd in. Lol
Especially when she pulls it back at 10seconds in, there's like no effort to it. You can hear the string tighten but her shoulder isn't pulling back at all.
He is probably the only reason i will even consider watching this. It looked bland as hell.
I look forward to watching a compilation of his scenes on youtube.
Maybe they tried to add more character motivation to make her change in character more convincing than it did in the game. Hopefully it plays out better in the movie than it did in the trailer.
The never ending curse… :(
Yeah, it looks a little bit like Alicia Vikander is cosplaying Lara Croft in the newly announced Tomb Raider Funland*


(* = Fun may include maiming, death and/or cauterizing a wound or two)
Which is especially dumb, because the game didn't have any of this! Everything except the ancient evil is not part of the plot (and the ancient evil is brought in very late).
#
Almost like Tom Cruise's scream from the Mummy trailer plane crash. 
It was the music that got me. Care to change it up a little bit?
I think that sound bite was taken directly from the game. Sounds familiar.
It wasn't off at all, that is the sound women make when they exert themselves incredibly like Croft in the trailer did when she did that jump. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRGWXh1r7I4

People are nitpicking absurdly. As a fan of the reboot everything about this trailer looked and felt right, it even looks like they are being super faithful to the video game's story. Alicia Vikander is a beast too, the work she did here looks like it is on par with Tom Cruise's physicality that he brought to the Mission Impossible films, looks like she did a ton of her own stunts based off the trailer and the making of. 

Sure the music of the trailer sucked, but the more and more of this I see the more and more I am looking forward to it. The screenwriter is some superstar unknown screenwriter who is writing a Marvel film, a DC Film for David Ayer, and a Guy Ritchie Sherlock Holme's film. Cinematographer did both Kingsmen films for Mathew Vaughn so we can assume we can see a lot of over the top spectacle and action. 

Did anyone see the same trailer I did? The atmosphere and sets all felt like if they were from the game, from her jumping from that plane to her hitting her body on that log over that river to her jumping on that plane, this looks super faithful to the reboot. If this is R-Rated, this has a strong possibility of being the best videogame films ever made after Silent Hill. There is absolutely nothing inherent about videogame movies sucking, talent just needs to make it and looks like we have talent with this film. 

People are nitpicking though and being unjustifiably pessimistic. Just look at the guy below you, "those spikes that swung within an inch of her face were cgi, this is going to suck". "Humans can't jump that far". "That wasn't a real raging river under that plane". Please... 
Agreed 100% percent 
Maybe because they cut out all other sound and it didn't suit the action. I actually found it funny.
That's what I liked because it sounded a lot like in the game.
In my personal opinion, no one will ever embody the lara franchise as Jolie did. 
Jolie wouldn't be able to play Croft from the 2013 reboot game, but I don't feel like Vikander is either. She just doesn't seem right for the role, which is a shame. 
I think I understand what you mean because when I watched the trailer I just felt like she didn't have that sort of intimidating attitude that Lara Croft should have or the physical the physicality of an intimidating presence.  I get that this is the start of Lara's character development and this is an origin story of sorts that she hasn't exactly become hardened yet but even that shot with her and the dual pistols just felt really off to me.  It felt like some sort of a cosplayer pretending to be Lara....the energy and the ferocity of Lara Croft just wasn't there.
That is very true. I know many people hate the previous TR movies but goddamn, did they get Lara right.
I think Jolie got the old Lara right, but I don't think she could play the personality of the reboot Lara correctly.  I don't recall her projecting any vulnerability in the movies I've seen her in.
I feel ya
The person is playing on easy mode what do you expect? I mean they didnt die and are hitting every shot
Vikander does a good job with the reboot version of Lara imo
It looks like a waste of a perfectly good Alicia Vikander.
I know!  Tomb Raider stories will always boil down to "Lara goes off to find some artifact and many adventures were had along the way," but you can still make it interesting and less cliche.  Hell, even if it just boiled down to "Lara is hired to find artifact, bad person also wants artifact, much conflict ensues," it'd be more interesting than saving the damned world.
Where the fuck is Sam? I really loved that the reboot was just Lara trying to save her best friend, and everything else was incidental to that. 
She has a Scandinavian accent while playing an English girl for one
DUM DUM!
It kinda sounds like an instrumental version of ["No wow" by the Kills](https://youtu.be/g6t-aYppArw)

Not a bad song but I agree though, it feels a little bit out of place in the trailer.
Deep fried shit.
The fuck did I do?
I love that they have the 'Into the Badlands' duo in this movie, Frost and Wu. That's cool. 

If this movie gets a sequel I am 100% down for Frost being Lara's sidekick like how Frost is to Wu in 'Into the Badlands'. 
Yeah I'm hoping for the best but it looks very mid 2000s summer action movie.
I mean, some of the scenes look like they are straight out of that game
I was never into the original TR series, but I enjoyed the hell out of the 2013 reboot and sequel. In many ways, I prefer those games to the Uncharted series. 
If we have just one scene where she makes it through a tomb to find an upgrade for her shotgun, it will be a 10/10 movie. 
it doesn't look too bad but did they have to go down the "fate of humanity is in your hands" route?

did they learn nothing from Suicide Squad?
I saw the trailer and thought it looked really good for a game to movie adaptation.  And then I checked the comment section and found out I must be wrong.  
I think part of the issue is that few studios have really given game adaptations the necessary budget & resources to succeed. They're usually produced as mid-budget fair, often by less experienced directors. Nobody expects them to be massive blockbusters, only rising far enough meet expectations. 

Additionally, it's very difficult to adapt a 20+ hour narrative into a 120 minute format. As a result, game films are either super condensed - or end up having little to do with the source material.

I think eventually, somebody will figure it out. Jordan Vogt-Roberts (Kong Skull Island) has certainly been saying all the right things about the Metal Gear Solid movie he wants to make, for instance. Like all films, making a good one just takes the right creative team, a supportive financier, and a bit of lick.
They're not. Studios just don't really care and they mostly drop the ball when it comes to writers. 

Tomb Raider's writer apparently worked on fucking Transformers. I'm sure her work on Tomb Raider will be Oscar worthy /s.
YES! The way she drew the bow looks so, so wrong.
Also got to love guns waved around like they're made of plastic and fired with no recoil.
When was the last time the world legit ended in a movie 


Knowing (with Nic Cage)? 
Yeah. Give us more grounded outcome which can really take things higher. Imagine Doomsday vs Joker and two boats. Which "stakes" were more intense? Yeap. The boats.
Yep, that's my complaint. 

I thought they'd take the angle of maybe her dad died in the area and she was naturally curious to check out what could have happened.

If there is supernatural, keep it light and mysterious rather than being world ending shit.
Intersellar had the world ending....
Should have gone with a relative or completely unknown to play Lara. I know her (Alicia*) being an academy award winner is a big draw, but her popularity takes her out of the role for me. 

If you're going to reboot the series, use the actress the game was modeled after (Camilla*) or get someone we've never seen that can give a new face to the franchise.   
[deleted]
If Assassin's Creed only generated 18%, I'm gonna give this film a cap at 24%. We shall see.
Under. Far under.
28%

!Remind me march 16th 2018
Oh, for sure.  No other scene in the trailers has the dual pistols and that scene is clearly not on the island so it has to be after the events of the film.  

They're *Amazing Spider-Man 2*-ing us.
Yeah, there's a surprisingly campy vibe to this one that is very different from the dour tone of the games. I dunno, I don't mind either one but don't go wishy washy. 
Definitely bots or studio accounts. It's obviously a bad trailer. The movie looks like pure garbage.
In terms of live acting she's pretty much an unknown.  The audience gives no fucks but money men think it matters.  She's also a few years older which might present problems with an ongoing franchise where Tomb Raider 3 stars a forty year old (which is also a bullshit reason, not least because this turkey isn't getting any sequels).

One fair reason is that being a good voice actor does not necessarily equate to being a good actor.
well that's basically how the 2013 reboot was, Lara just starting out.
The reboot Lara Croft is different. The developers of the reboot games found that players, especially male players were motivated by protective feelings towards the female protagonist. So they decided to play up her vulnerability by making her younger and cuter, instead of the classic ol' female Duke Nukem-version Tomb Raider.
Yup, they totally put the sequel hook at the end of the trailer. Probably the only scene with Nick Frost as well.
That's a... weird decision. You would think with the games having just been rebooted they would stick to that and not make callbacks to the last attempt to adapt the franchise to film.
correction not compensated. That is just a weight to improve recoil as these are the "match" version of the HK USP made to be a little more accurate for shooting sports.
"Shame."
However, I'm so down with more Daniel wu and nick frost combos. They're awesome in into the badlands. 
Me 3 minutes ago (not knowing he was in this): "Hell yeah, I'll watch anything with Nick Frost!"

Me now: "Uhhhh...  I guess it's great he's making money..."

On a one-to-one level, I'd instantly respond to his summons to steal a tank and invade Paris, but movie-wise... I think his agent found the limits of my fandom.
"have you ever fired your gun into the air and said 'ahhhhrgh'?" 
*+1 Sin Counter*
*ding!*
Right? And it looked like she kinda double jumped off the boat. 
https://i.imgur.com/5n7Vykx.gifv

* [Neo had a running start and even he didn't get that far.](https://i.imgur.com/0GHbufN.gifv)
[That squak totally made me crack up](https://youtu.be/rxyp04RH1LY?t=108)
Might be the most faithful video game movie ever made if she actually jumps that freakishly high. 
My favorite game death was when Lara gets face impaled on tree roots in the water. So brutal. 
It is my sincere wish that the end credits to this movie include alternate shots to all the action sequences, except Lara Croft dies in them. 100% game authenticity
Insert all the various and entertaining manners that Croft died in the reboot. 
Yes there seems to be a lot of barely escaping death and somehow surviving huge falls and rocks to the head... Same gripe I have with uncharted, not everything needs to fuckin collapse all the time goddamn it.
As a fan of the game, I think it's gonna be GREAT. Not in the sense of a movie, but as some sort of playthrough.

I mean look at... everything! It's exactly like the game! 

Except, you know, maybe the story.
I can't agree here at all. Yes, the protagonist "looks" like Lara in the recent reboot, but all her charme, man, the charme from a god damn video game character, is missing. The voice, the way she walks, talks, acts, etc. And since it's a movie we're gonna get full on action hero Lara 5 minutes after she's stranded on the island. And I mean, those LC movies have a right to exist, but not as a reboot like that. She's not a super hero. And since this is going to be PG13 anyway there's not gonna be any violence in it. Part of what made the game reboot so "fun", was watching how your character actually developed (minus all the shooting, really...just gamey, let's just assume that never happened) as a person. The in my opinion right move would have been to go for a different movie approach, one more focussed on horror and survival and mystery instead of pure action, which this will undoubtedly be.
You're gonna be holding it for a while.
:(
It makes me sad (actually "scared" would better suited) because all it would take for an amazing Lara Croft movie would be a producer, director and writer to actually care about the character and respect the material.

The last 2 games have the character developement pretty perfectly laid out.
*It doesn't matter if they develop. All that matters is the ass.*
The one guy is probably Jonah and Roth put together and made Asian.
Except a good chunk of them were well developed in the original game. I don't expect a 1 for 1 translation, since they're adding Trinity and some elements of Rise of the Tomb Raider. 

Looking at the cast list, they have Mathias (played by Walton Goggins), which is great, and they've combined/added characters ("Sophie" is probably Sam), but they're missing Professor Jackass who seems kind of integral. 
Aye, and it's not like the video game had perfect character development. The one techie guy dies handing off a screwdriver and a wrench to Lara to help fix a boat; doesn't make much sense.
This is 100% the plot of the last two games awkwardly bolted together. 
They've cut Roth, Sam, Professor Dickhead, Reyes, and Jonah and combined all of them into some mess of characters or some shit. 

(Unless "Sophie" is Sam or Sofia from the second game.) 


She had an Asian partner. Did they...make Sam a guy?

Edit: he appears to be Roth and Sam put together.
they made Sam a guy it seems. which wtf
Can't have lesbians in a blockbuster! No sirree!
No love for Roth? :(
Or Jonah! He's the only other crew-member to agree with her on the vibes that there's something inhuman on the island, and he's also the one who reassures her at a couple key moments. He's one of her pillars in the game that keeps her going.
It does. My friend really will not be happy about the character's absence entirely. Even if they relegate her to just ber best friend, couldn't that still be the primary relationship in the film? 
Well we all basically just watched the whole movie in that trailer, so there's that.
Wasn't that Assassin's Creed and The Mummy already?
Honestly, given their current attempts I'd rather they stopped trying.  Video Games have hit a point where they can tell a cinematic story pretty damn well.  I don't need that same story chopped to pieces and reassembled into a barely functional movie.
Historically I don't think there has ever been a well received movie based on a video game since video game adaptations were a thing. 
Yeah, it would be nice if film producers understood the difference between games that are popular for their interactivity vs. games that are popular for their story.

Take Mass Effect for example. Absolutely tailor made for film and television. The lack of interactivity doesn't hurt Mass Effect. It's just as fun to see and explore the world as it is to play the game (I would personally argue moreso). This is an ideal franchise for transferring to film.

Basically, any game with sufficiently defined factions and lore that's suited to fish out of water introductions to the world work. Tomb Raider is not that. It is a series that has always been about "play this platformer with this attractive young woman" and a shitty story hung around that central conceit.

But then again, they still find ways to fuck up games with easily adaptable stories as well like Assassin's Creed.
They *could* do well if they actually attempted to make them something beyond generic action flicks, relying on a familar name and flashy CGI explosions. They think people loved these games for the action alone, they just don't get it.
Also "see, action movies with female leads don't do well"
I wouldn't even pirate this shit. 
Hollywood: *It's simple. We kill the film critics.*
Or maybe she's just an imaginary person
Cause she doesn't exsist and this is just some abortion of a script made by 7 or 8 screenwriters. 
First thing I thought when I looked at her IMDB page was "Okay, so who's she related to?"
Movie looked terrible based on the trailer. Had a real "jumped the shark" vibe.
This movie is....       

DUM DUM
DUM DUM
I was thinking War Machine, not that it would make very much sense.
The song in the trailer is a riff from [The Kills 'No Wow'](https://youtu.be/g6t-aYppArw) .
First thing I did was play that exact song after watching the trailer.
what if all movie trailers adopt this, especially dramatic and serious ones

-

Mark and I are getting a divorce

DUM DUM

You have only 6 months to live

DUM DUM

I'm going to kill myself

DUM DUM
*It's a massive threat to the world, that's why I made a puzzle for you to solve in order to find this information.*
The "I promise" was what did it for me. Then again why am I surprised they went for typical blockbuster 
Major crimes?
Well, tombs have a lot of bodies in them. Could probably get on the front page with enough bodies. Then we'd get those fuckers downtown to authorize the wire and some overtime.
Natural Po-lice.
PO-lice
Lara's dead dad on the video.
I don't recall Tom Cruise recording a farewell message, no.
It doesn't make sense for a movie based on the remake.
Yeah but the game got the balance right. Like an Indiana Jones movie, they teased the supernatural elements throughout and didn't do a proper reveal until you're already invested in the protagonist's personal story. Making the end-of-the-world supernatural elements the main driving force of the plot is the more clichéd route and makes it less of a personal story.
I think people forget that shit.  

I don't remember the scale of the stakes though.  Like, I know she wanted to save her friend and that the supernatural bullshit was a big problem, but I don't remember whether it was end of the world shit or not.
Yeah but I shot rabbits to survive and stuff.
> The reboot that had an ancient witch queen and ogre samurai?

The entire game, the reality of the situation was hanging on by a thread. You were skeptical of your father as he claimed there were supernatural forces at work, and the game gave only hints to what might be responsible.

It wasn't until literally the very last scene of the game that you witnessed something entirely inexplicable.  It was well laid out and escalated Lara into the role of fighting crazy supernatural shit.
We all did
this is more or less the game's story. maybe a bit more on a world-ending scale and with less supernatural samurai ogres.

then again the bullshit story was more of a motor for her character development (meaning her sudden transformation into a killing machine). nevertheless, the game's focus was much more on survival and i doubt this is the case here.
Don't forget badass spirit samurai monsters! Fuck I'm going to go replay that game.
I agree; problem is with the script. At least the way it is presented in the trailer. 
The Uncharted story in the first game especially is cliche as fuck though. Not that the games are bad, but I wouldn't say the story was something that interested me until 3/4 where the characters felt much more fleshed out. 

Unless they are going for a different story the Uncharted movie will just look like this.
If you haven't seen it there's a TV series called Vice Principals starring him and Danny McBride and it's really cool to see him play his usual creepy character in a role where he's beloved by everyone.
The only thing I hated character wise is how she goes so quickly from grief stricken from killing someone to cold blooded killer, and that's just because of the nature or video games.

The movie shouldn't have that issue and if it does, it's bad writing. I hope they show emphasis on the first kill though. 
I think they could have done a better job with that transition without changing the driving motives, survival and protecting her friends. 

It looks like they are trying to keep most of the tone of the original games rather than the gritty survival style of the reboot. I was hoping for a trailer that was tonally more like The Revenant, or The Grey.
Hey.  Silent Hill was pretty solid. 

(But admittedly if Silent Hill is your standard bearer, you have problems).
"OOAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH" - Tom Cruise
Honestly this movie (versus the older Tomb Raider films) looks like what the 2017 Mummy was to the Brendan Fraser one. Sure the old ones weren't perfect but they were adventurous and fun in a guilty pleasure way. I don't really see the appeal of darker and edgier reboots

If I want a gritty Tomb Raider I'll just go play the the 2013 game. Btw who even asked for this movie? Isn't this just the movie version of that game? Seems like a money laundering scheme
no

DUM DUM
Yeah that stuck out to me as well. Awful choice for music. Or should I say the same two notes played through the entire thing?
I agree with you, my first thought was how much it looked and felt like the games in some shots. Lara Croft is never going to be a realistic character and I'm glad they didn't try and tone down the exaggerated action from the games. It's important to be loyal to the source material and this looks fairly accurate so far. Everything from the environment to her dramatic sound effects. But to be fair, the trailer was badly cut. 
> People are nitpicking absurdly. As a fan of the reboot everything about this trailer looked and felt right,

As someone who didn't play the game, that trailer looked like cliche-ridden crap and doesn't make me want to watch it at all.

Except for Walton Goggins.
That's fucking tennis. Not a jump to the edge of a cliff. Alicia Vikander looks crap. No way near Tom Cruise level. Her physique is nothing like say Angelina's look. If she did do her own stunts then it explains why the whole thing looked so lackluster.

And just because the CGI looks like a game doesn't mean they are being faithful & automatically it's good. The story, the acting, it looks shit.
People online like to immediately feel like they're "above" a movie or smarter than it and get off on their sense of superiority. They also took ownership over the character that they love waaaay before this trailer even dropped. I've seen nothing but "this is gonna suck" just from looking at on set stills, so when the trailer finally drops, people need to tear it down to justify their prebuilt anger.

Also, if people do take issue with what they saw, trailers are cut/scored/mixed together by a completely different company and it often differs heavily from the actual final product. Alternatively, the Suicide Squad trailers were great and we all know how that turned out.
idk the first half of the trailer wasn't awful but the CGI during the plane jumping scene and the tomb traps felt blegh
I don't particularly like those movies, but Jolie as Lara was a great casting. 

I like Alicia Vikander too, but she doesn't scream "Lara Croft" to me. 
The video game character in the 2013 Reboot did it best, but unfortunately Alicia Vikander doesn't pull it off.
I feel like Emily Blunt would be a great Lara Croft, if the movie was good overall. 
Should have cast Daisy Ridley like they were talking about. Would sell her youth and inexperience much better.
I was gonna say hot garbage, but yeah.
More nick frost and Daniel wu together is awesome. Love those guys. And the tv show was dope. 
This is such an apt description.
I get that Trinity is this important, malevolent force pulling the strings, but what I loved most about the first game of the reboot was that Lara was facing off against other stranded survivors who had formed their own cult. Whatever organization and tactics her enemies had were a mixture of the different military training from such a diverse group of survivors who honed joined over the decades. 

It made them seem like such brutal, almost animalistic enemies, and that with the backdrop of them being in the same position as Lara (as in not being able to escape) made them seem even more deadlier and vicious as they were wildly desperate.

Trinity, in Rise of the Tomb Raider, on the other hand felt just like every other generic PMC that acts as an antagonist/foil for the hero; despite their funding and training, they didn't seem as big a threat.

I was really hoping for a much closer adaption to the first game in the reboot, without Trinity, but if they can kind of merge the two groups together, that might work for me.

And totally off-topic, but that last line of the trailer made me cringe so hard I actually facepalmed. And the fact that it very much seems to be the last scene in the movie just irks me to no end.
Yep, the boat gets shipwrecked, check, she gets captured by some bad guys check, she runs across some collapsing structures inside a cavern/cave, check. It's definitely inspired by that game's story. 
That's because [they are.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFBrgeSjj-0)

I'm not sure why you would choose to watch a non-interactive movie version rather than play the interactive version that isn't cut down to fit into 1.5 hours. 

"Oh that was so cool when she killed that dude with the bow!"  
"Er, k? You could have been the one responsible for that dope shot."
Uncharted I think is the best of this type of genre. However I’m like you in terms of the TR series. The reboot was great. 
One TR game I highly recommend is Tomb Raider: Legends, really fun game with a likeable voice cast and premise.
You should check out Tomb Raider Legend and Underworld. Underworld had a world record for giving Lara the most polygons of any character in the year 2007, and I see more polygons in her than in Alex Mercer in the 2009 Prototype. On top of that, her animations are fluid in underworld, and she has facial expressions for everything she does, which they do in a way I've never seen again ten years later, because modern games tend to make the protagonist stare into space blankly. When you stand still, she starts to fidget with her belt and do this thing with her eyebrows and eyes looking alert.
I prefer the characters, story, and script of the Uncharted series however the TR reboot series absolutely nailed the combat. When I played the 2013 game for the first time I legitimately felt like it was the best combat I've ever played in a 3rd person action game. 
Keep it small, intimate... and you can still feel the stakes in the movie.
"I must be some kind of ... Tomb Raider ..."
Yeah these moves can basically be complete ripoffs of Indiana Jones and be good.
It's totally useless to the audience, I don't know why "The fate of humanity" is still a thing in nearly every action movie.
> Additionally, it's very difficult to adapt a 20+ hour narrative into a 120 minute format. As a result, game films are either super condensed - or end up having little to do with the source material.

Which is the same problem that adapting books has. They must just be hiring the wrong writers.
Cabin in the Woods.
[deleted]
This Is The End.
Ooooooh I love this movie. It just don't give you any hope it's like a nightmare you wake up from all sweaty. It really deserves more applause but I can understand why people dislike it. 
2012 technically. And interstellar had the earth literally desolate and abandoned. 
Camilla Luddington is relatively unknown in movies, she's more of a TV actress, so she would have worked just fine, also, like the guy you were replying to said, she IS Lara currently for most fans and does a fantastic job, so sad she didn't get it.
You're being generous.
#
[deleted]
Dude, it's 2017. Nick Frost should be in every scene. Nick Frost should have been cast as Lara. Nick Frost should be shooting arrows at bad guys. Nick Frost should be leaping off of airplanes with a climbing pick. 
In the recent games this is based on, Lara also doesn't get dual pistols until the end of the first one, and even then only briefly. 
I'd call it a callback to the classic games rather than the movies and as someone who tends to prefer the old games to the new ones, that was just about my favorite part of the trailer.
"You're off the fuckin chain man"
No luck catching them killers then. 
It’s for the greater good...
Pretty sure that jump with a pickaxe was unrealistic too
Yeah - all in all the trailer looks better than I expected after that short teaser, but holy shit the shot jumping from the boat and the one leaping from the plane both look soooooo cheap.
yeah, that's not how jumping works. your trajectory is a parabola. she flies up and then continues on a straight path at the apex of her jump.
Ugh, that looks like such shit.

Off one foot.  Bitch looked like she was going for a dunk from the free-throw line.
One of my favorite reactions to it: https://i.imgur.com/QgGg1t0.mp4
Hope they do some of those as nighmare sequences
First time i encountered i lost my shit cuz i did not expect that. It was hilarious and shocking at the same time. 
seeing the trailer, it's basically an abridged version.
I mean, it doesn't look that unfaithful to me. Introducing that entire crew takes a lot of time and honestly I thought in the first Tomb Raider game most of them were pretty poorly written character stereotypes. I will take one strong replacement surrogate character over a cast of throwaways.
[deleted]
Honestly, most of the trailer just convinces me that it would be better to play the games. They're pretty cinematic and way more engaging since you're involved in the story; why does it need a film adaptation? 
[I'd argue they have the right director for this project.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLb9kQFtAFg&ab_channel=Midnight%27sEdge)  He's done several action films, all with strong female characters, and his last film was a relatively big budget disaster film that focused on one family that showed a certain degree of humanity to them and they weren't all cookie cutter prototypical characters populating the film.

It's a 2 hour movie and not a 10 hour game, and all we've seen is a 2 minute trailer.  I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.
yup, the boat scene was pretty much copied directly from the game itself, not to mention the jungle setting, the rusted old war plane scene etc, it feels like they are rushing to setup as much of the universe as possible (ugh not again), especially with that double pistol scene in the end
Which, in a time where you get bitched out for not being diverse enough, is a bit weird.


There was a black girl, a japanese girl, a samoan(?) guy, and then a middle aged white guy is evil. 
It'd be amazing if that one guy actually did play as a combination of all characters.  He'd be the rich, spoiled Asian best friend who's very concerned about his only daughter waiting for him back home, has a Samoan accent that is very superstitious of spirits, a bit of a bumbling nerd who acts like an angry old veteran badass while trying to be a father figure to Lara.  
Watch, she's going to need someone to cornily fuck or care about and the directors didn't feel like making it a woman. 
They haven't yet figured out how to take a video game - which is an entirely different kind of storytelling method from text or picture - and adapt it for the screen.  Resident Evil might be the only success, and it doesn't look like this Tomb Raider will join it.
[deleted]
I'm right there with you. I have no need for a movie to do a shitty job of reinventing an awesome story that is interactive, into a mediocre (at best) passive experience. 
[deleted]
At least it's not the BWAAAAMM Inception sound.
If you're reading this then the b's have gone missing.
You give me Gum Gum? 
For a moment I was excited because, *sick! The Kills!* and then they used...that. Just that.
YOU'RE TEARING ME APART

**DUM DUM**

LISAAAAAAAAAA
If he just leaves the clues out for anyone to find, then maybe they could find it first and destroy it. At least that's the reason people do it in detective shows and novels.
If you are confused then there are some smaller side puzzles to help you on your way
and left it to my daughter rather than someone qualified to actually deal with this...
Because the story in the games is different. She didn't ask for any of it to happen, she just got trapped on that hellish island when her boat crashed. She was simply trying to save her friends and survive.

Well, turns out that she had a taste for it after all and goes to seek that thrill again.
I am surprised that they think these kinds of movies will be hits.. I guess all they really have to do is make their money back and a smidge more but damn, play it safe much?
Just juke the stats, yo
well if you cant recall the message. then he must not be dead yet
It does make sense if they're introducing Trinity as the villain right away, which seems to be what they're doing.  

The difference shouldn't be THAT big, the only real change is that it means that the insane stranded island people are members of trinity, instead of just random people.  
Which means that they could have a connection with her father, which is why the video message makes sense.
[deleted]
Pretty large scale. If Himiko transfers to Sam's body she'd be an immortal ruler who had control of the weather. 
The scale of the stakes was local, maybe regional at best. Nothing the good ol' "let's nuke the site from space"-solution couldn't have solved. So either that or stab the old undead bitch through the heart with a stake and all's well.
Yes, that was my point. Stick more to the simplicity of the game and less about adding Hollywood cliche world ending evil company bs
Last I heard they were going with a young Nate, when he first meets sully, like in uncharted 3.
I'm a huge fan of the warped acid trip that is the Super Mario Bros movie.  In that it is so bad it's hilarious.  Both mortal kombats also belong in that category.

Silent Hill movie is ... yeah actually that's the most engaging video game adaptation I've seen.  Creepy and legitimately interesting.  I kinda like the first Resident Evil too for campy fun.
Just rewatched this today. Thank you for this lol. 
I cant rememeber but Im sure it wqs only the trailer thing, right? Or it was less loud than plane falling sound.
Guilty pleasure? Fuck that, I love the Brendan Fraser Mummy movies and will never not watch them if I come across then on TV.
People who wanted a movie version of the game. Seems like the only thing Hollywood took from that is, "younger, slightly less sexualized Lara Croft," and completely ignored what made the game good.

If they just made a movie that copied the plot of the 2013 reboot I would watch it.
FWIW, a lot of the Marvel movie early trailers look radically different from what we end up getting in the feature film. I'm specifically remembering the trailer for the first Guardians where they had Starlord getting the orb, and when someone compared the trailer to the final scene it was night and day different.

Now I'm not saying that because GOTG did it that so will Tomb Raider, but it's not entirely fair to write off the CGI at this point in time either.
It wasn't complete cgi, Check the behind the scenes.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWXq7mKcx5s
Holy shit Daisy Ridley would have been perfect casting, especially in terms of personality and accent.
goddam hollywood *shakes fist*
Seriously, that last scene is annoying when you compare this reboot to the game reboots.  The whole beginning of Rise of the Tomb Raider you see Lara still coming to grips with the fact that she killed how many people exactly?  I haven't finished it yet, but so far it doesn't seem like through that game she's going to get to the point of being so nonchalant about shooting people up that "I'll take two" should be a thing.  
The Trinity parts seem also lifted from the second game. Particularly her looking at the map and watching her dad's recording. 
Yah but one of the bad guys is Walton Goggins so at least that part will be pretty great. 
For sure, I just never really enjoyed the combat and puzzles in Uncharted, whereas I loved both in the TR reboot. The Uncharted games definitely have the best overall package with the story, characters, and set-pieces. 
*Legend* is my all time favorite TR game. 

I can listen to that title music for daaaays.

For me, Keeley Hawes *is* Lara Croft.

Also... WHERE. IS. MY. MOTHER?!
I replay that game often. Anniversary was great to enjoy the original as well. I never finished the 2013. Not sure why I disliked it though. 
I think the issue is that movies that use the "fate of the world" as the stakes ultimately don't have any at all. Unless it's Planet of the Apes or something with a world-changing arc, the audience knows the world is not going to end when the movie does. Heck, threatening the main character typically doesn't even feel like a real threat half the time. 

I think this is why movies like Cabin in the Woods work so well. [The stakes at the beginning of the movie were relatively low, but grew throughout the movie. When the "fate of the world" stuff got thrown in, it felt like a legitimate threat, and the end of the movie made good on that threat.](#spoiler)
I mean, the fate of the world is usually at stake in those movies too. 
Editing also seems to be an issue. Both Warcraft & Assassin's Creed allegedly underwent significant cuts after shooting, which resulted in both feeling rushed & convoluted.
Should I watch this movie even if I know the gist of the entire plot? Also, I hate scary movies
looks like she was about 21 during the game.
It’s for the greater good...
It could have been off the fucking chain!!
Watched hot fuzz with my gf last night - she'd never seen it and hasn't seen shaun of the dead either.  Hot fuzz has a bit of a slow start so she wasn't interested right away, but by the first murder she was super into it.  Great movie.
No luck raiding them tombs, then?
No luck raiding them tombs, then?
And have a scene where is is laying on his back and shoots his gun in the air screaming “aaaahhhhhhhhh”
Who even uses guns? The bow is the most satisfying weapon in the game.
Is it just me, or the last grunt at the end when she jumps on the plane, is that an old-school Tomb Raider sound? Specifically I think it's when she falls from a high place and takes damage.

No luck raiding them tombs then
It's just the one killer actually..... (one killer, one killer, one killer ....echoing)  
SHUT IT!
Well holding *X* does increase distance as well as height. 
She never actually jumped. She ran forward and just started flying. 
She is on her invisible zip line.
This type of stuff really bugs me. Millions and millions of dollars and they fuck up a jump? Not a good sign.
needs the audio. that was one of the best clueless gamers segments 
I miss Aaron Blair. I get having a celebrity is more marketable but it was way funnier having the juxtaposition between him and Conan.
This is some real Dragon's lair shit.
They could have the tomb treasure be something that jumps back time and the credits can be all the times Lara dies if she didn't use it.
I wasn't commenting directly on the TR movie. I haven't seen it yet. Actually, I'm super excited for it.

This trailer was decent. My main problem was the generic action movie music and the terrible editing.

I mean...Alicia *fucking* Vikander as Lara...that's perfect!

I was moreso touching on literally 95% of VGM released until now.

They have been treated as easy cashcows to pull money out of the pockets from already established fanbases. And I hate that.

Because there is so much potential for a great AC or Silent Hill or Resident Evil.

This trailer was decent. My main problem was the generic action movie musiv and the terrible editing.

I'm just extremely scared that this turns out the same way every other VGM did. (Except Warcraft, which was decent)
perfect way to introduce characters would be with a before-credits montage.

then get to the story of the ship and death in the first 30
I don't know. My main problem with this trailer is the music and editing.

I'm just scared that they'll rush Lara actually becoming the Tomb Raider. 


> "Fuck it, we'll wing it for everything else!"

Death Note
Why do books or comic books need adaptations? Why do TV series get turned into movies?

Because there's potential for a greatness in every medium. Even with the same premise, character or story.

Yes, they are two different mediums but that's actually the reason I want adaptations. Movies and games touch people in different ways.

Gameplay takes the forefront in games and the character takes the lead in movies.

An action scene differs from a game shootout and both of them are badass.

The reason I want any adaptation is because different mediums offer different possibilities and neither games, books nor movies offer all of them. 
trinity was only in the last game, along with a bunch of other stuff. really seems like they just mashed the last two games together :-/
And let's be fair, Resident Evil won't win any oscars for good plot. The movies are fun to watch, but they're still more or less B movie material.
Resident evil the first movie was a great b movie. The rest are unwatchable cgifests. 
Toss out the love story and father/son crap, make humans look less human (yes, i know what i said) and have the orcs burn down Stormwind.

I fully agree with you, this would have been way better.

It's not like all the additions are bad though. I liked how they alluded to Medivh being Garona's father. Could have made sense in the original lore as well. You know, before the comics.
Please god don't let DUM DUM be the new BWAAAAMMM of action trailers. 
The thing about the BWAAAAMM is it actually made a lot of sense for Inception...it was actually a diegetic sound. But then everyone picked up on it because "that movie was popular, let's take a part of it completely out of context and recycle it everywhere", and it just became annoying.
I DID NAT HIT 'ER!


*DUM DUM*


I DID NAAAAAT!
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Johnny in The Room?

I thought not. It's not a story /r/movies would tell you. 

It's a Wiseau legend. Johnny in The Room was a middle manager at a bank so likeable and so wise he could influence the management to create... ideas. He had such a knowledge of banking he could even keep the ones he cared about... from leaving him.


The dark side of banking is a pathway to English diction some consider to be unnatural.

He became so beloved, the only thing he cared about was... losing his love, which eventually of course he did. Unfortunately his future wife had an affair with his best friend, then he killed himself with a handgun.

Ironic. He could love everybody around him... but not himself.

[x](https://www.reddit.com/r/Didyoueverhear/comments/6xabwp/did_you_ever_hear_the_tragedy_of_johnny_in_the/)
"What's your name?"

"Lara..."

"Surname?"

"...Croft."

"*But that's what the big sign outside says*!"

DUM DUM
> She didn't ask for any of it to happen, she just got trapped on that hellish island when her boat crashed.

She was specifically trying to find that exact island, she didn't just happen upon it while on a cruise or something. She *wanted* to find Yamatai.
Yea, the setup is different for sure...I do wish they'd have her stumble into the conspiracies, rather than seek them out. But I think the supernatural elements are what is going to kill this for me, and they couldn't leave those out without basically not being Tomb Raider.
I think that the first movie should've been like the first reboot game. Just have Lara and her friends get caught up in a bad situation and prove herself over the course of the movie. You can have hints towards a greater conspiracy scattered throughout the movie, towards the Trinity or whatever if you want. Maybe even throw in some super natural elements. 
   
But the movie really shouldn't have started with such a blatant plot dump about you must go do this to save the world, etc. That could've been replaced with a scroll of text at the start for as unsubtle as it is.
Not really. It may be driving some of the characters, but the audience isn't required to buy into it for most of the movie. Until the supernatural shit starts going down the driving force could be the same reasons that drive people to aquire artifacts today: money, greed, historic/cultural value, propaganda purposes.
No, the magical power of those objects isn't revealed until the 3rd act of their respective movies. Indiana Jones is always motivated by something else, whether it's his personal interest in historical objects, his relationship with a woman, his search for his missing dad, etc. He's *never* motivated from the outset by a belief that something magical is going to be used by bad guys for world domination.
I just finished the game, the scale seems centered around Yamatai. No real mention of Himiko being able to influence the world. But even if she would be able to, the game really never makes you feel like you're saving the world, just trying to get out, get your friends and GTFO off that island.
That's a bit more interesting at least - Nate came into his own in 3 so you have some good narrative threads to pull. Honestly I think Uncharted is well suited to be adapted, hopefully it will be able from other films of the same genre.
Wait. Did you rewatch the scene on Youtube or did you actually rewatch the movie? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUkBk-Xq62s&t=10s
Camilla Luddington would have been perfect casting, since she did full performance capture in the games. It also would have saved them a ton of money they could have spent on everything else.   
I've just recently played some of the Uncharted games for the first time, and while I enjoyed them, I thought the gameplay was really, really repetitive.


*Walk/Climb/Jump for a little bit* → *Solve a puzzle* → *Kill 3~5 waves of thugs* → *Repeat*



Yeah Keeley Hawes as Lara is frightening when she’s angry. 
WHERE (bang) IS (bang) MY (bang) MOTHERR (bang)
Because it's not tomb raider. It had no puzzles, and barely had any tombs. I feel like most of the people that praise the game never played/liked the originals. It's just a completely different franchise linked by name only.
Temple of Doom was very "Chapter of his life" story.   No world ending plot there.
I'd recommend it for sure. It's a good sendup of horror movie tropes. It can be a bit on the nose in some scenes. It's also really not that scary. More gruesome than startling or psychologically frightening.
T H E

G R E A T E R

G O O D
You're off the fucking chain!
There's one thing Nick Frost has in this movie that he hasn't got in other movies.



A GREAT BIG BUSHY BEARD!!
Jarp
SHUT IT!
The Greater Yarp
Something tells me we'll see Lara firing two guns whilst flying through the air. 
 It's just the one tomb actually...
It's just the one tomb actually 
Yup, I don't even remember seeing dual pistols tbh.
Lara Croft ?
TBH I hate using bows in games. I don't find them fun at all. Just slow. Like it's a first person shooting game, with *guns*, why do I want to use something as primitive as a bow?

I get that people LOVE them and that's why they became a trend, but I'll never understand it.
It's just the one Tomb actually. 
Want anything from the tomb? Cornetto!
i doubt it was a mistake. they probably wanted it to look like that.
[There ya go](https://youtu.be/xCe8-1dbXZc?t=363)
The dialogue sounded really poor to me
I dunno man, I really don't see Alicia Vikander as Lara. I would rather have a not so known face as Lara 
Yeah those handycam moments from the first game would work really well as a before-credits or in-credits sequence. Though it seems they're going to be spending a lot more time on the pre-Island portions.
> Why do books or comic books need adaptations? Why do TV series get turned into movies?

These are all linear narratives
I thought there were mentions of Trinity in the first game, but they didn't really come into play until the second, or am I remembering wrong?
Trinity wasn't directly involved in the first game, but some of the stuff you can find names them directly. They do go to the island in the second game and kill everyone. 
DUM DUM Is The New BWAAAAMMM, from the creator of TOONKAHTOONKAHTOONKAH.
Oh

*DUM DUM*

hi Mark.
Yeah, but she didn't ask for the boat crash, friends getting killed, the island constantly trying to murder her, almost rape, blowing peoples heads off and rivers of blood along with 8 foot tall dead samurai.
She wanted to find the island as a research exhibition. She was never trying to save the world or anything, she was just a young student.
lbr. we all just want Sam back  and produced by Gail Simone 
Also you can introduce cliche plot points without cliche fucking lines
Uncharted needs to get one thing right: the characters. If they can create characters for people to root for, the generic villain and over the top set pieces becomes a part of the experience instead of a detriment to the film, because people will care about seeing the characters in action. 

Focus on Nate and Sully. Build their bond. If they're going younger then they have the chance to create their own characters with their own charms and personalities. If the franchise is a success then you can bring in characters like Elena and go from there, with the movies now at the point of the games. 
Yeah. But she's also a hollywood nobody. 
No luck catching them killers, then?
Shut it!
YARP
He looks like a crusty juggler.
It's just the one tomb actually.

^It's ^just ^the ^one ^tomb ^actually.

^^It's ^^just ^^the ^^one ^^tomb ^^actually.

^^^It's ^^^just ^^^the ^^^one ^^^tomb ^^^actually.

You have them as literally the last weapon you use on the last boss fight. It's also a quick time event.
It's a quick time event
Check out that arse.....
I was thinking of a different tomb
yeah looks on purpose, but still a bad sign if they like stuff looking ridiculous
The actress from the game would have been perfect IMO.
The narrative/story itself is linear most of the time.

Here, I'll lay it out for you:

- Lara strands on island with friends in hunt for an artifact or tomb.

- Bad guys are there and want the same thing and kill a few of her friends. 

- Lara has to fight them and get the artifact first.

- Lara wins and gets off the island. A few friends survived. Bad guys ded af.

- She now is the Tomb Raider.

Obviously that was all dumbed down a bit but you get what I'm saying. 

Gameplay doesn't change the structure of the narrative itself. At least not in Tomb Raider.

And even if a game has a non linear narrative alá The Witcher series it's still adaptable. How? Simple: You take the games core concepts, ideas, elements, world and characters and place them in a new (although similar) story.
Trinity is mentioned in the first game. The Japanese bunker had paperwork suggesting Trinity was among its ranks and they were there searching for artifacts. But they aren't a villain or and organization with a face and emblem/logo etc until the second.
And it was actually a REALLY good story...especially for a video game.
It's just the one killer actually...
he's NOT Judge Judy and executioner!
What's wrong, you got brain freeze?
And you don't keep them in the sequel... 
Looks like she missed a qte in the stormy boat scene she would've gotten in that room and none of this would've happened had she been faster. 
"What shop"
"The dildo megastore."
IKR! She would've been perfect
This one?http://tombraiders.net/katie/screenshots/tr1/lara209.jpg
FASCIST!
I don't know nothing about no skellingtons!
Hag
It's fascism, actually.
