"The game is playing us"........sigh
✔ Game is about assigning a command to one another

✔ Potential idiot plot

✔ Super, badly-done edginess

✔ Silly, happy-tree-friends style death

✔ Rules are inconsistent

✔ "We have to find out where the game started"

✔ Sex scene just for the sake of fanservice

Pack it up /r/anime. We have a new *King's Game* in town!
So this looks like a cross between It Follows and Nerve
Can't wait for Blumhouse's "Tic-Tac-Toe"
This looks... awful
I’m sorry this looks hilarious 
I bet the last scene in the clip is the "cliffhanger" in the actual movie.  This shit looks fucking retarded.
Rock, Paper, *Murder.*
I think this has potential to be the next 'Final Destination' or 'Saw' -
 like franchise, if executed properly. 
@1:36 she snaketh

@1:50 she unsnaketh 
A TV movie called "Truth or Dare" came out last year 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Truth_or_Dare_(2017_film)

Edit: the link isn't working and taking people to the wrong page, here's the IMDB page: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt7126746/
It is unusual to see Violett Beane blonde. I think this has potential if it is executed well. 
I am just totally unsure of this movie. It really does have potential but I feel like it will be just be poorly executed. I will need another trailer to really solidify my standing. 
This looks really bad.  Like a horrible combo of It Follows and Final Destination.
I'd be down for it, but the fact that they get snapchat filters for faces is too stupid. Like it looks like they took notes from that weird trailers guy.. 
Looks like hot garbage.
I'm oddly interested in this, it will probably be bad and it probably won't really explain anything about why "the game" is becoming real but I want to see it.

Problem though is that I get distracted every time I seed Tyler Posey because I can't stop picturing his hot leaked nudes.
Has anyone else noticed that there is a made for TV movie from 2017 with the same name and what looks like the same plot? Search the trailer - even it is similar.
Blumhouse about to be reddit's new A24...
This looks terrible! This does not bode well for Halloween.
NBC won't let me watch it. That popping up for others?
Was that a trailer for the trailer in front of the trailer?
Couldn't they all agree to just keep telling the truth?
It would be much simpler than the horror they have to go through.
Why not just choose truth every time? Why dare each other to do horrible things if you know they have to go through with it?

Let's just all agree to dare each other to lightly slap each other in the face. 
So... why can't you only choose truth?
Mixed with a Halloween Snapchat filter.
In all the wrong ways
"Tic, Tac, or Toe. Whichever you choose KILLS YOU!"
Yeah I was just gonna say, I think this is the second trailer I've seen today where I think we just saw the last shot of the movie
It's made worse by how it thinks it has such a clever premise. 
Too bad the CG on the possessed people's faces looks like a bad snapchat filter...
I can see a trend of like teenage stuff getting adapted into movies.
Things like Never Have I Ever or Charlie Charlie. Like Cabin in the Woods style movies, that don't take themselves too seriously. 
I wonder if this is kind of sequel to this movie. I watched the movie on Syfy during the *Halloween Month* event. 
Those CGI faces are not executed well.
How does it look good of properly executed? What's the force or reason they have to play the game?

What's killing them? The trailer doesn't really give you enough info to even sell the initial premise.
The movie actually explains it. Still not great, but I got to watch it for free and it was fairly entertaining.

In a comedic kind of way.
This is why I don’t watch horror trailers, every damn one ruins all the best parts.
What was the first?
I swear it [looks like an Aphex Twin album cover.](https://cps-static.rovicorp.com/3/JPG_500/MI0000/123/MI0000123384.jpg)
I wouldn't know, haven't actually seen the movie myself, just noticed it pop up when I was looking for information about the new one. 
It seems to me much more like a remake/reimagining of the same idea. You'd probably have a better idea having seen the Syfy TV movie 
They look like trollface..
[Slenderman](https://youtu.be/akdZ4ff4SVE)
I can give you a movie summary if you want it. But based on the this trailer, there is one main difference from the Syfy version
It reminds me of that Simpsons edit “you got the dud”.
What's the main difference? 
There is no possession thingy going on the Syfy movie (aka black eyes & creepy smiles). The entity communicates with the players electronically (like texting in iphones/computer/GPS, can locate players via computer camera when they escaped the house after level 1 truth or dare was finished). 


Huh. Guess the possession gives more of a physically there kind of feel to the "monster/entity" 
There was a part in the trailer where a text message showed up on one person's phone though so probably a combo of possession/creepy electronics 
