Crazy a pepsi commercial is going to be a full length movie. 
And thus begins the Streetball Cinematic Universe!
There should be a scene with every movie that has Shaq where he has to shoot a freethrow. 
Uh this is going to be so stupid, I love it.
This is going to be the best basketball movie the flat earth has ever seen. 
Shaq with hair and the Fu Manchu beard makes him look like a bear. Not like, "ah I'm big and hairy." I mean this guy *actually* looks like a bear. How's he do that?
Me as a Celtics fan in 2017: God this looks ridiculous. Kyrie is such a weirdo. Why would he do this? 

Me as a Celtics fan in 2018: God this looks great. Kyrie is so creative? Why aren't more players as innovative as he is? 

I really hope Bill Russell makes a cameo
This has such a 90's/early 2000's feel to it. I love it!
This is so unnecessary and silly and I’m totally on board for it.
I'll watch anything with Shaq in it. 
T Pain making movies now?
I have high hopes after the trailer. Looks very well done, I already know Tiffany Haddish is going to steal the show.
Was just thinking about how this new gen lacks 
b-ball family movies
i recommend they do not release any more trailers because this trailer will be hard to beat. good stuff.
If this went straight to Netflix, I'd watch it in an instant. 
HAHhahahahahah fuck I was smiling all throughout this shit. This is for all of us that grew up with "Like Mike"
NBA Street + Bad Grandpa + Grumpy Old Men

I'm so in.
I don't care what it is. I'm going to a movie that has Reggie in it. Now I understand the people who are going to see Ready Player One to see whatever video game characters are in that. Reggie is my Pacman.
This movie looks so absurd. I can’t wait to see this.
Need to have a flat-earth joke in there somewhere.
Wait...this is an actual real movie?
This is why I have a movie pass... cause I will totally see this, but couldn't see myself shelling out $15 for the night.
Kevin Hart not starring in this is the upset of the century. Looks bad in a good, self-aware way. I'll check it out. 
After fake Crocodile Dundee I don't trust anything anymore.
Yo why is every negative comment getting downvoted? This looks trash right? i can't be the only one who thinks that. am i going crazy? and i say this as a massive NBA fan..
Kyrie really is the GOAT
Man, aging makeup keeps getting worse somehow.
That van looks badass
I'll only watch this if The General makes an appearance.  
And thus the 'old men doing things' genre meets the 'sports movie' genre.
Really hoping for a cameo from [Larry Johnson's Grandmama](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thbUkBW_ftM)
wasn’t this a commercial like a few years ago? I remember a bunch of old black dudes killing it on the court and everyone getting hype as fuck
Remember when Nick Kroll starred in the TV adaptation of the Geico Cavemen commercials?
Looks fun! I hope it turns out well. I really laughed at the door slamming scene. I hope they have more jokes that turn out that good!
Probably see it for my hometown boy Nate Rob. 
Am I uh...

Am I allowed to want to see this?

I mean it's a TERRIBLE idea for a movie, but Shaq looks AMAZING in it.
Why?
Can't be worse than any other Shaq film (though I will admit to laughing at his scene with Dr Phil in that Scary Movie entry).
Gonna be shit. Guarantee you.  And unlike the faux "it's so cheesy and retro I'm on board!!" nonsense below - I am saying this is gonna be utter shit and a waste of time. 

Won't see.
This movie feels straight out of the 90s, I miss those kind of goofy sports movies 
This is going to be soooooo horrible. Ill let you know how it is after opening night
I actually saw the movie last week at a private screening. It was HILARIOUS! Can't wait to watch the completed version.
they got Pee Wee Kirkland? okay now im intrigued
and the crowd goes mild!
Jackass:  Concrete Basketball Ed.
Well that was completely what I expected it to be. Meanwhile, Kyrie can dance.
Here's how this happened in my brain: "Uncle Drew? what is tha...oh it says Shaquille O'Neal, nevermind"
I rather have Kazaam 2 with Shaq.
Finally Shaq is doing another movie. I genuinely wish he made more movies back in the 90's though. Steel and Kazam were awesome 90's kid movies
The only question is, do you hoop at the park *before* or *after* the movie? 
Which one is Tiffany?
That was pretty funny!
I'm gonna see this movie in theaters, then watch it at least 3x a year when it goes on Netflix.
Starring cut price Kevin Hart.


It was that or Kevin Hart got fat 
I love thism, can't wait.
This movie seems like it would fit perfectly in 2005. 
They made this before Space Jam 2.
Is this getting a wide theater release? I can’t believe this is a thing but I will gladly watch Kyrie do his thing. I hope it’s not too choreographed and there’s at least some authenticity to the offense/defense sequences
A bunch of professional basketball players acting in a movie together? Yeah this'll be a fantastic movie

/s
No thanks...
I like the idea, but I'm probably not going to see it, as much as I loved Nick Kroll there, and I'm a huge Shaq fan (for good or bad) I'm not that familiar with so many of the other actors/players so I won't get the jokes.

At the same time, it's not aimed at me.  If you like Basketball a lot (And there's hundred of millions of people out there who do) this is for you, and that I can respect. 

Yet as a Celtics fan I think I'm obligated to call this genius.  I might have to go check the 2018 fan contract.
Wow this is real.
How is Kyrie going to do KLove like that.  He was the original 4 from the commercials :(  
This should end with a very dramatic scene were the opponents play hack a shaq and he overcomes all the odds because Kyrie pulls of a Pacino style motivation speech.
This actually looks really fun haha. There aren't enough goofy sports movies these days, so I'm glad this is a thing.
ok, im down
At first I was like no.... then I couldn't stop laughing at how goofy this is gonna be. Definitely want to see it. Looks like one of those movies you just chill and laugh.
I can't remember a movie that looks this stupid seemed this genuinely appealing. 
Yo where the hell is Wes?
Hell nah
Looks like fun, although I am always worried when Shaq is in a movie. Anyways, you should all know that Uncle Drew is a flat Earther. 
Frankly, I thought the 2 minute version of the Pepsi ad played the joke out a little too much.

Also, if this doesn't win Best Picture, the Academy has lost all credibility.
Anyone know what the Apache remix is?
Can ShaQ act?
I’m gonna be so baked when I watch this, it’s gonna be awesome.
Does anyone know the song at the beginning?
I love how Kyrie doesn't even do an old man voice. It's literally just Kyrie in terrible old man make up.
Had me for a while...then Nick Kroll...no thanks.  
This looks like it’s bout to be fun as hell. 

Seems like a movie that should be straight to Netflix instead of theaters. 
BIG BALLER BRAND the movie is next
Where are Kevin Love and Maya Moore?
Uncle Drew (2018 Movie) Teaser Trailer – Kyrie Irving, Shaquille O’Neal, Tiffany Haddish


This looks absolutely horrible...
this looks Norbit level bad. I thought the time of "black guy in prosthetics" comedies were over 
That Tiffany Haddish. So hot right now. And deservedly so. 
NICK KROLL NICK KROLL NICK KROLL!!!
Anything with Kyrie I’m down to support. 

Dude is a fucking beast
holy fuck i hope this never makes it to theaters 

typical black people movie: shit
I refuse to see anything with Flat Earther Kyrie Irving in it.

I fully expect to downvoted to the very bottom of this thread- but that shit matters to me.
I'm actually kind of interested in seeing this. 
Space Jam 3 when
Someone post this to /r/nba for the free karma.
"That sucker punch was the first free throw you made" 
Bet this breaks some sort of record. 
This trailer makes the movie seem a lot better than I expected.
I need good sports movies to come back 
Looks fun
Another Classic for Shaq's reel.
Go Cavs
I don't know if this'll be any good, but I like that conversion van.
That is quite possibly the dumbest thing I've watched all year.
This looks entirely inadequate and unnecessary. And I'm going to enjoy the shit out of it.
"Madea goes to Ruckers"....What the actual ****.... black people will watch anything with other black people in it.  
This looks like all the great ball movies. Stupid, full of cameos and hilarious. 
First, I was like nah. Then that little Jewish nigga Nick Kroll popped up and I was like yeah. He makes me giggle. Will be watchin.
ok I as on the fence with this but old man shaq got me 
The trailer song samples this tune. Its great!  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQObWW06VAM
I hope this is a Space Jam prequel
Is that white guy supposed to be Steph? He has a creepy resemblance to him.
No mention in those credits of Nick Kroll, who I believe is the star of the movie?
Space Jam was based on a [Nike commercial](https://youtu.be/Sc61UtYUgbs)
It's even crazier that a tide ad about a Pepsi ad is being made into a movie.
The Blues Brothers was based on an SNL sketch
Lebron shows up shows up at the end.... "There are basketball challenges... outside of this universe...." Orchestral version of the Space Jam theme starts playing, smash to black. 
Idris Elba as Lebron and Jonah Hill as Brian Windhorst. Make it happen.
White Men Can't Jump created the universe, this just follows it.
Can we get an NBA Street movie?
Blake Griffin needs a movie. His ads are hilarious and he even does stand up in his down time. I really think he should have gotten the lead in Space Jam. 
Excuse a little gem known as Above the Rim would like a word. 
Looks better than most of the DCEU already
That free throw line was the best part.
My wife had never seen the cinematic masterpiece known as Steel. He’s trapped in a room, a live grenade is thrown in, and to save him and the kid, he has to throw it through the small hole about ten feet above the ground. He’s all “but I never make these!” Before doing it and saving him and Ray J (who would later go on to make the sex tape with Kim Kardashian)
Scary Movie 4 wasn’t exactly Citizen Kane, but that scene with Shaq and Dr. Phil was pure genius.
As long as it Pac-Mans around from being so terrible that it becomes great, I'll be thrilled. As a long-standing Pacers fan, I'll probably end up watching this for Reggie, anyway.
Can you tell they really wanted Kevin Hart in it?
Yep, this will be terrible and I am there for it 100%.
It looks so cheesy and stupid.  I'm gonna love it.
We have supporters all around the world.
I know this woman in her mid 30's, a flat Earther. And I debate her about this, I ask her all kinds of questions and she will give me some irrational answers. The only question she has never been able to answer is, if the Earth is flat, then how come all these countries which have gone to war with one another at times, why has no country ever gone rouge and spilled the beans about Earth being flat. 
but space jam.
what these youngbloods have to understand, is that this game has always been, and will always be about buckets
Huge Steel fan?
Stoooppp hahahaha
The people down-voting you probably never watched Girls Trip. My wife and I ended up watching it on a lark and we were dying of laughter whenever Tiffany Haddish was on the screen.
Everyone should spend a couple of hours on YouTube watching her stuff.  Her Will Smith Groupon story had me in tears.
I wasn't interested until I read her name. That girl is so, so funny.
same basketball is going to take over football very quickly. With as much drama and politics are in the NFL.
With a June 29 release, they'll run a 30 second ad during every NBA playoff game TV break.
[deleted]
I wish it was an actual teaser instead of a full-blown trailer.
+The Carmichael Show
Reggie Player One
No pun intended?
are you kidding me?
i wonder if there's a higher baseline for movies just because there's a population of movie pass users willing to see anything just because they can.
Probably because no one expects it to be good. The movie's whole premise means anyone who finds it the least bit interesting knows they can likely go in with low expectations and still have some fun. So maybe people find generic, "this looks bad" comments to be a bit redundant?
I was not expecting the positive reception in this thread.  This movie look like hot garbage.  I don't think it'll be watchable even ironically, and I'm also a massive fan of most of the guys in this.
I don't think anyone is going in expecting Remember the Titans, Rocky, or Raging Bull  or anything. They're knowing its stupid, and are banking on fun stupid not shit stupid. Saying it looks trash, without addressing the fun trash/trash trash dichotomy, just kinda feels unnecessary.

It's the same reason people, besides nostalgia, still talk about Space Jam.
This is total cash grab garbage.
I came in here thinking I'd hate it... and this trailer honestly looks way better than I thought it would.
Yes, for Pepsi

That man needs a 10-day on the Suns or something. 
i guess you dont watch ball
You not a big baller.
Because the originals are hilarious. 
Pepsi
[deleted]
Will you not watch The Usual Suspects and Seven because Kevin Spacey is fucking everyone underage in Hollywood?

What about Pulp Fiction and Good Will Hunting because Harvey Weinstein produced them?

Tila Tiquila is a flat earther, make sure you're not watching her porn. 

Don't listen to Beck's music, he's a Scientologist. 

Same with Michael Peña, don't watch Ant Man or End of Watch. 

Tom Cruise and John Travolta too, don't watch Grease and End of Tomorrow. 

Don't listen to Steven Tyler's, Kurt Cobain, or Jimi Hendrix music, and don't watch a John Belushi, Samuel L Jackson, or Phillip Seymore Johnson movie, they are/were both at one point heroin addicts. 

My point is every performer is a little crazy. Don't let it get in the way of your entertainment, especially for something as trivial as flat earthers, they at least aren't harming themselves or anyone else. 


I'm white as fuck and can't wait to see this. Get outta here with that racist bullshit. 
Sorry the only proper link for Jump on It is [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obQbV6Egc2Y)
They show Kroll in the trailer and he gets a name card. 

But this is being marketed at basketball fans. They don't know who Kroll is. 

Excited to see him do what looks like a streetball variation on Bobby Bottleservice though. 
Did you even watch the whole trailer? He's credited.
He's not the star of the movie. Kyrie Irving is the star of the movie. Kroll, who is named and featured in the trailer, is a supporting comedic role. 
How have I never seen this before. 
Well shit, TIL.
Holy crap Nike and Wieden + Kennedy really killed it back then. That was awesome.
This joke got old really fast.
I can’t tell if I’d laugh, cry, or both if this happened 
Post credits scene: Kevin Durant metamorphoses into a milk snake 
Gotta wait til next season when LeBron comes to Houston. Then they can film Space Jam 2 at the Johnson Space Center for some scenes.
> I'm here to talk to you about the Ballvenger Initiative
you just BLEW MY MIND
"Nah, I'm good." - ~~Kyrie~~ Uncle Drew
GET WB ON THE PHONE
r/comeonandslam
Oh man, this would be fucking awesome lol
Delroy Lindo as LeBron
Uncle Drew is Sidney's father confirmed.
People forget great FILMS like that, and Above the Rim and Heaven is a Playground. 
It better follow the journey of a 4"2 500 pound purple goblin with an afro, sixty tattoos, 100 speed and dunk and nothing else.


"The story of one kids journey to the top, xXx_p0onDesTroYa69xXx, in cinemas Thursday"
With the NBA Street Vol 2 soundtrack. GOAT video game soundtrack.
*line*...I see what you did there
Yeah, that character is one million percent Kevin Hart. 
*across
globe*
Literally dozens of us.
just out of curiosity, is she a trump supporter? 

the only flat earther I know is also a trump supporter. 

I suspect there is an overlap there. Waiting for the gallup poll on this. 
Of course. DC's crowning achievement. 
There's a wheelchair with rockets in it, it's fantastic.
Her [interviews](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2PneBztZ3g) are amazing too. She takes Jada Smith and Will Smith on a New Orleans swamp boat tour because she found a Groupon deal. At the end of the trip, Jada and Will admit they had no idea what a Groupon was and thought that was the name of Tiffany's boat. 
I saw her stand up show last November and I've never laughed so hard in my life.
I saw Girls Trip and I don’t get her. She’s way over the top in every scene but not in a funny way. She was just trying too hard it felt like.
Her and Lil Rel starred in *The Carmichael Show* together and played an on again off again couple. They have great chemistry.
Just looked it up, [holy crap is that funny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2PneBztZ3g)!
The NBA is just as if not more political, but it's a lot more "progressive" they moved the All Star weekend when Carolina had the bathroom laws and no one really opposed them.
with a black eyed peas song playing in the background
Seems like one of those movies that doesn't open very big but just keep making money for weeks. Like The Greatest Showman. 
Makes me sad that he's such a bad commentator. Now people are going to remember him for that instead of being one of the greatest playoff performers ever.
Welcome to your Kodak moment 
Seems people are wanting to watch it solely because of the people in it which is pretty bad.
Ball is life. 
I bet we get a BIG BALLER BRAND feature film in less than 8 years 
Drumline and Mr. 3000 were pretty good films. Charles Stone III is a competent director.
Not racist its an observational fact.  
I thought his appearance in the trailer reminded me of C-zar.
I meant in the headline
Here’s [another one](https://youtu.be/2URMB4NGbo8). 
First for me, too 
I've never even seen this joke used before and it's already dumb.
Laughter, then crying. 
With "Space Jam 2", I keep wondering if the target audience even *knows who the Looney Tunes are*. I get there's a lot of '90s kids with nostalgia for the original (honestly, [it's a terrible movie](https://thedissolve.com/features/forgotbusters/154-space-jams-cosmic-character-ruining-tackiness/), childhood memories be damned), but would a 20-years-later sequel really be a big hit? Lebron isn't as big a figure as Jordan was in his heyday (not even talking about his basketball career, just as a famous athlete/pitchman), the NBA isn't as big as it was in the '90s, and the Looney Tunes are pretty irrelevant (as much as I think the old shorts from the forties were brilliant). I can't really see why this project goes forward, but I guess anything based on an existing IP could be huge. 

Also, there's *no way* a studio would let the cartoon characters be animated in 2D, like the first movie was, so if this movie actually ever happens I can only assume we'll have awful-looking CGI Bugs Bunny and gang. 
As a Texan I would love to see Lebron on the Rockets, but I have to imagine there is a 90% chance he ends up on Clippers or Lakers.

He has his business out there and has been more and more acting. It just makes sense. 
I'ma let you do your thing, but I think you're forgetting about the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater soundtracks.
Well given that he is Kevin Harts protege, not surprised. 
I love it when someone explains the joke/somehow doesn't realize the person was making a joke and makes the same joke again and gets more upvotes than the original joke it really activates my almonds
hahahahahaha she is left of Lenin. 
I'm pretty sure Groupon got her to act in their super bowl commercial because of that story lmao
That's actually a bit from her standup that was in her Showtime special. I recommend it highly.
I remember seeing Lil Rel on TruTVs "Friends of the People" with The Lucas Bros.
People are going to look at that show in 5 years and not comprehend how they got rid of a show with that much talent.
Slightly unrelated, but Jada Pinkett Smith's telling of that same story is borderline unwatchable because of [Jimmy Fallon's constant interruptions](https://youtu.be/HmxgD0kVR0w). In contrast, Jimmy Kimmel realizes Tiffany Haddish is killing it, so he just lets her talk.
Yeah, it only seems less political because there's less fuss when players do shit.
Unfortunately, people already dismiss his career. A lot of people on /r/nba (albeit, mostly younger users who've never seen the man play) think he shouldn't be in the HOF, usually referencing his PPG. That man was a killer in the clutch.
"Observational *fact*"

Yeah, just double down on the racism. 
Definitely in looks, but C-zar is effectively mentally disabled. He could not streetball haha. 
I used to love this one.  My favorite part was always "Hot buttered popcorn!" "Get it while it's hot!" "Get it while it's buttered!"
Followed by convulsing on the ground 
>the NBA isn't as big as it was in the '90s

Yet Disney and Turner Sports extended their deals until 2025 for 24 Billion dollars. 


Nah. He he said he's chasing Jordan's ghost. I doubt he's gonna catch him with Austin Rivers.
Bet ya $1.99 he stays in Cleveland.
Bovada has betting odds. He's not going to the clippers. Rockets/Cavs and then the Lakers are by far the most likely based on betting odds 
Are we pretending Need for Speed: Underground 2 wasn't a thing?

Is Kevin Hart a mentor of Lil Rey's? That's cool, Rey was my favorite character in Get Out.
ahmonds?  good I hate that damn commercial
Haha I know! So crazy. There was a few things I didn't like about the show, namely the student audience or laugh track (I believe it was a real audience though), and in the newer seasons each episode seemed like it **had** to have some kind of social impact story line.



But, Jerrod Carmichael's HBO special was one of the best I've ever seen. Lil Rel was a scene stealer in *Get Out* and Tiffany Haddish has become a sensation. I didn't think I'd love David Alan Grier as the dad, but he crushed it too.
He shouldn’t be in the HOF! But I’m just a bitter Knicks fan who had my hopes dashed by him way too many times.
My wife is 1/2 latina 1/2 black and my sons are mixed race.  She even said the same thing.  Get your race baiting azz out of here.
Recover from convulsing, find the nearest bar, drink them out of stock and die of alcohol poisoning.
Not trying to argue, but I read that viewership for NBA games [are at a 5-year low](https://www.outkickthecoverage.com/nba-viewership-hits-five-year-low-league-fix-problem/).
I'd bet about $3.50
Nope....definitely not pretending.  While it was a great soundtrack, it was definitely one of those people would want to listen to the same three songs on repeat the whole time.
Lil Rel? Mentor might be too strong, but they have known eachother for a while and Hart Executive Produced his first stand up comedy special. 
The last season wasn't great because it was clear there was tension between Carmichael and the network. But there were some great episodes in there.

I wasn't in love with Carmichael's last HBO special but the one he did at the Comedy Store in 2014 is one of my favorite all-time.
You're ignorant and i really feel bad for your wife and kids 
[On the rise](https://www.google.com/amp/s/variety.com/2018/tv/news/nba-ratings-1202752848/amp/)
Oh man, I thought his HBO special was one of the best standups I've seen in the past 5 years. I'll have to check out the Comedy Store one though. I think I've only seen clips. Thanks for the recommendation!
You are very arrogant thinking your opinion even remotely matters.  
It's also on HBO Go.
