looks like studios threw money at Adam McKay after The Big Short and said "Make something like this again"

which isn't a bad thing
Seeing Christian Bale fat in a role is like witnessing Christian Bale being thin in a role.
Holy shit, Sam Rockwell as Bush is the most perfect casting imaginable. They even did a fake nose that doesn't seem like it's going to be distracting. He and Bale look so accurate that it's kind of hilarious that they decided that Rumsfeld could just be a completely unaltered Steve Carell. 
Big fan of the exposition in W. and Cheney’s conversation for the purposes of making a good trailer. Because this was a good trailer.
This whole time they've been selling Christian Bale as Dick Cheney when they should have been selling Sam effin' Rockwell as Geroge W. Bush. Hot damn! 
If this is as good as The Big Short, I would be very happy.
It's so weird to see Rockwell as Dubya. It shouldn't work, but it does so well here. Definitely a must-see for me.
Holy shit I didn't even realize that was Christian Bale until the end of the trailer. 
Steve Carell’s Rumsfeld is cracking me up
“I belieeeeve.... we can make this work”

That sounded like quintessential Cheney there. I can’t wait for this film... and also all of these actors look amazing, but it’s still particularly shocking to see Carrell play Rumsfeld 
I swear the movie options this Christmas is looking pretty damn stacked
Man, I am just all-in on these Adam McKay truth-is-stranger-than-fiction biopics. The Big Short took an incredibly complicated concept and event and made it not only digestible, but a really *fun* movie too. 

Now we have one of the most interesting American political figures of the 21st century, told in the same style. If they can turn a financial crisis into a quippy, fun and stylized ride, then I expect this to be beyond enjoyable and fascinating. 
i hope there's an after credit scene with the Bale Cheney doing an interview with Col. Erran Morad  and signing his waterboarding kit.
Surprised by the use of The Killers' The Man in the trailer. 
I'm a hot little slut for Sam Rockwell. Count me in.
Can someone do an ELI5 as to what did Dick Cheney do to change the course of history? Was it HIM who started the war on Iraq?
I seriously thought Amy Adams was Kate Mckinnon
Christian Bale, Sam Rockwell, Amy Adams and Steve Carell gunning for those Oscars I see
Give a comedy director a hard drama and magical things can happen.
[deleted]
*Christian Bale is Dick Cheney*

This whole time?! 
From Batman to Fatman, the movie looks fucking great
Wow. This looks phenomenal. Bale is uncanny as Cheney.
Trailer music is The Man by The Killers, just in case anyone is curious
For a second I thought I saw Michael Klump 
That's a damn good trailer. 
Wow. I thought that Josh Brolin was the definitive Bush (other than Will Ferrell), but Sam Rockwell looks like he's going to do a pretty good job too.
If this is half as good as The Big Short, I look forward to being significantly pissed off for weeks after watching this. Looks fantastic. 
American Hustle 2: Iraq Boogaloo 
Christian Bale and Sam Rockwell in the same movie..I didn't know how much I needed this
Christian Bale as Dick Cheney as Jeff Daniels.
just in time with all the comments of 'bush era wasn't that bad' floating around. 
Nobody dedicates gaining and losing weight for a role [quite like Christian Bale.](https://i.imgur.com/6tbxmLq.png)
Looking forward to seeing Cheney shoot someone in the face 
Christian Bale is a fucking shapeshifter.
But will this film ask the question we all want to know the answer to: are Cheney and Rumsfeld lizards?
I totally thought that was Jeff Daniels, not Christian Bale. 😮
So Dick Cheney is fat Patrick Bateman. This jibes with my understanding of the character, and our former Vice President (who is evil).
Sam Rockwell looks more like Christian Bale than Christian Bale does
Can't fucking wait for this, looks excellent.
Sam Rockwell is a SCARY good Dubya
My god is it Christian Bale ?
Well roll out the nominations... Christian Bales Cheney is spot on just from the way he speaks and that sly smile.  I am sad and excited for this movie. This guy was and is such a dirtbag but could be quite revelaing of how bad this republican party has become.
My gut reaction was that this seems almost too recent to make a solid movie about it. 

It's been almost 2 decades since his first term began.

I'm gonna go yell at some youngins now.
Christian Bale is running through the DC Universe. First he played Batman. Now he's tackled the Penguin.
Damn, that's a pretty big part for Will Sasso. Good on him!
For a second I thought I was watching Chevy Chase as Cheney and thought, what an odd casting choise.
Adam McKay knows exactly what he’s doing. 
I don't usually see movies like this, but... Seeing Christian Bale fat and old is so intriguing to me.
They should've called it "Dick"
Bale looks great but I'm having some trouble with the supporting cast. Rockwell is doing a good job in the trailer but I don't really see Bush, I just see a Southern Rockwell. Carell looks like Rumsfeld here but his voice is too iconic and sort of takes me out of the movie. 
Holy shit I almost didn't recognise Batman.
that little smirky face and slight hesitant pauses in speech, searching for the right terms. goddamn bale is good.
I can't wait to get angry about American history in a theater again.
I *cannot* wait for this!
I thought this was a movie about that trainwreck of a site Vice
Now *that's* how you do a trailer for a film I had no previous interest in. Hot damn!
Big Short was *so fucking good* that after I saw it in theatres for the 7pm showing, I immediately watched it again at the 10pm screening. The next day I went and bought the book and devoured it in days. 

My favourite movie of all time, definitely.
LOVE Adam McKay.. he is a comedy genius and gave us Anchorman, Talladega Nights, Step Brothers but I loved what he did with the Big Short and Vice looks awesome, so can't wait to get more of this style of movie.  Looks like he has another one of these in the pipes too.. Bad Blood with Jennifer Lawrence about a bio-tech company.
What that really his belly or a prostethic?? Bale is gonna leave us early if he keeps this hit up.
I thought it was David Wallace from Office at first.
They accentuated the forehead for Carrell's Rumsfeld.
Most of the shots of Carell in this trailer are him as "Young Rumsfeld". Peep 1:14 for the full makeup job.
He looks like Brick Tamblin, the weather guy
Carell has a bit of a vague resemblance, I'm having trouble seeing Rockwell as Bush. He has the voice and mannerisms but the appearance looks a bit off to me.
Yeah at first I was like “he doesn’t look like Bush”, but then the voice and mannerisms were perfect and totally sell it. I’m glad they didn’t go overboard with the makeup such that is was cartoony. 
Honestly, it seems like he's playing Bush as dumb behind the scenes. I was hoping for something a little more realistic. Bush was a poor public speaker but he wasn't stupid in reality. The Texas good ol' boy thing was played up for his voters. I seriously doubt that Cheney was some mastermind who played Bush like a fiddle.

Edit: Well, I should've known better than to think everyone would just take my opinion on the trailer as an opinion. Also, perhaps Bush paid Yale a bunch of money or cheated or whatever to get excellent grades. The fact is his test scores at Yale *exist*. None of you have provided any evidence that he cheated other than "I didn't like him and he sounds dumb."
Sam Rockwell as literally anyone is perfect casting though :P
Yes, much more accurate than Josh Brolin in the Oliver Stone's trainwreck "W"
Seriously. This moved me from being interested in the casting choices but pretty uninterested in the movie itself into "I'm watching this opening day" territory. 
I wouldn't've expected it, but Rockwell's energy makes an awesome George W. Bush. It's a neat approach. 

And of course Bale is a motherfucking chameleon. 
Steve Carrell is Donald Fucking Rumsfeld! WHAT!
He essentially channeled bush as Zaphod, so you could already see it then. 
That is a spot on Cheney though.
Honestly, just have Sam Rockwell's name in the cast and I'll consider seeing the movie without any further information. He is the only actor who will do that for me. I like following directors and a few screenwriters, but Sam Rockwell is the only actor who is so fantastic at what he does that his name will actually draw my interest. It helps that he seems to attach himself to quality films. His performance in *Moon* is what convinced me that he was an actor I really admired.
/r/castporn
Yeah. I liked SAW in Three Billboards, too. 
No kidding.  Rockwell looks like a smaller, leaner W.  The facial expressions are spot on.
Not sure if Sam Rockwell playing GW or Wild Bill from The Green Mile playing GW
Aw man. Now I have to go watch him dance
I would also add that, at least based on the brief shots in the trailer, Amy Adams appears to be delivering a perfect Lynne Cheney. She looks like her and has the facial expressions down. 
Sam Rockwell just sold me on this movie. Damn.
Does he dance in this? Cause he should
I'm jacked.

JACKED to the TITS
I've never been more angry at a movie I loved watching than The Big Short. God that thing was enragingly great. 
The Big Short is seriously such a good movie. It's just so engaging, and it manages to drop quite a lot of technical information without feeling like it. 

It felt Sorkin inspired.
[deleted]
I saw Rockwell, and in the way he pulled off the mannerisms and the nuances that are W, he pulls it off that i see more W than Rockwell at times.
And you *know* that mother fucker was actually digging in to a chicken wing when that conversation went down in real life.
I thought it was Bradley Whitford for a second.
I think bale can easily win this tbh. It seems like the best actor race seems weak to me this year? It was weak last year too.
He nailed Cheney's speech pattern.
I legit thought it was Jeff Daniels that whole time.  Incredible.
Can't wait for Carell's delivery of unknown unknowns.
All I see is Brick from Anchorman
Really nailed how Rumsfeld's voice is much less intimidating than his vampiro-skeletal face.
Thank god Battle Angel moved back, I want to see that do well in the BO
Theranos/Elizabeth Holmes up next. That should have its fair share of bizarre events and characters.
McKay is the perfect director for films like this and The Big Short because he understands the balance between absurd comedy and harsh realties. He’s great and I’m really looking forward to this one 
Honestly, turning The Big Short into that good of a movie is really impressive. I love the book and had a difficult time seeing how it could transfer to the screen, especially given how complex the subprime mortgage crisis was. 
Yeah spot on . Like that movie he did about the rise of 24 hour news channels.
Just give me a Borat-style Erran Morad full length movie while you’re at it 
Lol... Eye em kur-nahl Eeeeeran Moh-rhot and I hev been in za Msssad (eye mean not in za Mossad) fo fiv-teen yeez.
i hope we see Bale Cheney dance to Ludacris' Get Back in an after credit scene
>Col. Erran Morad

In case you haven't noticed, his rank actually changes every episode.  He's not always a colonel.
Yalla! Let go!

Will you sign my waterboard? 

Tweet this idea to Adam McKay! Let's make this happen
"Mr. Cheney, my name is Nick Fury."
It's a fucking banger as well
Underrated Killers song. Great use for it here.
I wish their songs were in more films 
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.

This was my top song last summer.
One of the best songs of The Killers.
That’s the Killers? Holy crap. Awesome song, with an evil-sounding bassline. 
uhh.... right....
I'll see it too...
I prefer Dave Chappelle's Bush but Sam Rockwell is my favorite actor too.
My bussy pops for daddy Sammy
That southern draw makes my pants fit a little tighter
I'm only gay for Rockwell as Stanley Tucci. 

https://youtu.be/Aw5NG580rBk
Cheney and Rumsfeld became legit top-level political insiders as far back as the Nixon Administration. While other Nixon cronies resigned or were indicted, C&R basically filtered into the very high positions those guys left behind. 

So C&R both got valuable experience at the highest administrative levels pretty early in their political careers. This gave them a huge advantage in the bureaucratic battles of the next several decades.

Basically, among Republican politicans, C&R were the men you would turn to if you wanted to bend a huge federal bureaucracy to your will. They wouldn't get captured or overwhelmed by the process. They wouldn't get distracted by petty considerations like their own political popularity, and could always take the long view.

Their impact was probably greatest on the Defense Department, but it's likely that their combined impact also managed to influence the federal government as a whole.

Basically the C&R method was to maintain public decision-making processes for publicity's sake, but to take actual decisions in small trusted councils with little or no public footprints. This is what led to the Iraq war, but also to lots of other Republican projects.
Yes.  Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld were from H.W. Bush's administration and brought the grudge against Saddam from Desert Storm into the George W. administration.  Not that I think Hussein was a great guy, but its arguable they were more concerned with toppling specifically HIM than making Iraq a better place.  He "signed off" on the "interrogation techniques" aka torture of waterboarding, etc.  He's deeply involved in oil business and that was arguably also part of his interest in the middle east.  He literally *shot* one of his friends *in the face with a shotgun* while being VP, and the victim publicly apologized to him (in fact it looks like there's a quick shot of that event in the trailer).  If you don't know much about this guy, this movie is going to be fascinating to you!  Assuming its done as well as the trailer and McCay's past work suggests.
So if you want less of an ELI5, and more of a detailed essay with footnotes, I'll copy [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalDiscussion/comments/50xqdt/how_come_cheney_had_so_much_power_as_vp_why_did/d78gdpa/) I worked on a while back that took way too much effort, but seemed to be very helpful to a lot of people, and spurred [some thoughtful discussions](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/51csdm/uadwinistrator_gives_an_indepth_wellsourced/).
Era that changed a lot of attitudes and I think VPs overall power. Patriots act comes to mind too and the Iraq invasion caused a lot of ripples across the middle east we're still dealing with. also the whole loophole to make torture legal 
Highly recommend “Hubris” by Michael Isikoff and David Corn if you want to read further into the behind the scenes workings on how the Iraq war was started. It’s a respected work and well reported 
I came to post this. When they said it was Amy Adams I was like "Oh she's in this movie too? Then who is Kate McKinnon playing?"g
Okay good I'm not crazy.
They didnt even show Tyler Perry as Colin Powell.

Steve Carell has really grown as an actor.  I really no longer see him as a comedian. 

Even rewatching The Office on Netflix, I see him as an Actor. 


Are you even eligible for OScar nomination if Amy Adams isn't your female lead?
Adam McKay has been very political for a while now
I love how he's gone from the director of Will Ferrell comedies to one of the more highly acclaimed directors.
He still has to face a slew of other actors who don't have an Oscar (he won Supporting Actor for The Fighter in 2010) some of those include...

Viggo Mortensen, Green Book

Bradley Cooper, A Star is Born (likely double nominee for Directing and Acting this year)

Ryan Gosling, First Man

Hugh Jackman, The Front Runner

Lucas Hedges, Boy Erased or Ben is Back

John David Washington, BlacKKKlansman

Ethan Hawke, First Reformed

Steve Carell, Beautiful Boy

Robert Redford, The Old Man and the Gun (won for directing but not acting)

Willem Dafoe, At Eternity's Gate


I would say the film looks like a lock for Best Makeup and Hairstyling though
If you mean an old Chevy Chase playing an old Clark Griswold playing an old Christian Bale playing a young Dick Cheney, then yes. 

Edit: [Link](https://imgur.com/gallery/2Q8JSlV) 

Edit2: for the record I love Christian Bale (favorite actor) and even ran into him at the Terra Cotta warrior museum in Xi’an China. I’ve been waiting a year for this movie to see how much weight he put on for this role is incredible! 
Bale is the king of body transformations.  I especially liked him when he was a fucking twig in The Machinist.
That lip curl when they ask if he's even more ruthless now is insane.  
I got gas in the tank 
I say I say I sit on you
Brolin was to tough for Bush, Rockwell has the dopey cute thing going perfect. 
Adam McKay is not the guy who is going to romanticize the Bush administration. 
Rob Schneider *IS* Christian Bale *AS* Jeff Daniels, in: Derpity Derp de Derp de Durp. 
*Look at that subtle off-white coloring; the tasteful thickness of it... Oh my God, it even has a waterboard.* 
Fatrick Bateman
Anyone else getting George Costanza vibes?
THAT'S BATMAN'S MUSIC
Apparently this is him during [filming, all natural](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/7d649d/christian_bale_looks_almost_unrecognizable_after/)
Asked how he gained weight for the role he replied 'Ive just been eating a lot of pies.'
He's known for two things: Accents and weight changes.

My god, those weight changes. I can't imagine the shit he's putting his body through.
He's a method man, that must have been his belly.
He cultivated the mass naturally, then harvested it.
I'm pretty sure he gained the weight for the role. 


He gained the weight for the role! 
You know if James Gandolfini was still around they could have just cast him and save Bale from future kidney/liver problems or whatever
Fat suits just don't do the trick, you have to gain weight unfortunately. 
Yeah, his bod from American Psycho, to The Machinist, to Batman, to American Hustle, to Vice is going through some fucking torture.
It looks like they might have given him a little extra chin too.  I could be wrong though.
https://i.imgur.com/7XzVBln.jpg
Yeah I think he's pretty spot on even there
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/Ford_meets_with_Rumsfeld_and_Cheney%2C_April_28%2C_1975.jpg/1280px-Ford_meets_with_Rumsfeld_and_Cheney%2C_April_28%2C_1975.jpg

Brick *did* go on to become a senior advisor to the Bush White House...
Brick Tamland*
He’s what you’d expect him to look like in a Hollywood movie, a younger sexier George Bush. Carrol on the other hand looks like his character in Anchorman 
It's basically the same as his Zaphod Beeblebrox.
He seems a little too lanky. Not that Dubya was some chubby or buff guy but for his stature he seemed ...compact. Rockwell looks thinner. Other than that it's pretty good casting.
I think hes got it all. I think he looks like him and I agree that the mannerisms sell it.

[The very first shot](https://i.imgur.com/GLPZsRX.png)
From the limited bit of the trailer, I took it as more Bush not really wanting the mundane parts of being President. And that's always the vibe I got, he wasn't dumb he just liked having a good time and passed off the serious stuff to his cabinet.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have you seen The Big Short out of curiosity?
Also excellent music choice for a trailer.
"Christian Bale is Dick Cheney.."

*jaw on floor, rolling around picking up dust bunnies*
In 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy', Sam Rockwell based his performance as Zaphod Beeblebrox partially on George W. Bush.
I think Josh Brolin did a good job as well. 
>And of course Bale is a motherfucking chameleon. 

He is good. But from watching this clip it would not surprise me if it was Tom Cruise playing Christian Bale playing fat fingered Dick Cheney. 
> And of course Bale is a motherfucking chameleon. 

I'm still so bummed that he dropped out of that Aaron Sorkin Steve Jobs movie. I'd thought he vaguely reminded me of jobs for a while before they announced he was in consideration for the role. 

Michael Fassbender did an admirable job (as always) but he didn't resemble Jobs at all. 
Well, he looks like Dana Carvey who played George W on SNL, so close enough
I DECLARE WAR!!!!
I hope he has a "World's Best Secretary of Defense" mug on his desk.
Too bad Rumsfeld's Assistant to the Secretary of Defense was a woman, otherwise we could get Rainn Wilson.
He looks just like Brick from the Anchorman. He’s gonna have to do some acting for me too see him as someone else.
[deleted]
When does he break out the Pan Galactic Gargle Blasters?
Well in both cases the office of president was merely a ceremonial job to distract attention away from the people really in charge...
Cheney is the fucking devil incarnate. Bale's experience from "American Psycho" probably helped him play the character.
He made me laugh in *GalaxyQuest* and I thought he was cool, then he made my jaw hit the fucking floor in *Moon* and I knew he was brilliant. 
Me too, first saw him in confessions of a dangerous mind and I was sold
When I saw Birdman with Michael Keaton I thought to myself he could have played Edward Norton's character in that pretty damn well.
He’s in a movie called The Way Way Back which I loved. Also has Steve Carrell playing a huge asshole, which is super fun. 
He was great in 3 Billboards
i read that as /r/catsporn and boy i wish i hadn't
>SAW in Three Billboards

Three Jigsaws Outside Ebbing, Missouri 
Oh my god, yesss! He's got some crazy moves!
I've been here 6 hours. I've already been to the gym. I had two poached eggs, and I played blackjack with Harry Dean Stanton. 
This is the Dick Pic we've been waiting for!
https://i.imgur.com/gsosgKs.gifv
*Sniff sniff*  **You smell that?**
“Do you feel it?”

“No”
Just like W eating dem wings.
This is exactly how I describe it to my friends who haven't seen it. Itll piss you off so much it's crazy, but only because the movie is so amazing at breaking down complex financial concepts to tell the audience exactly how fucked up everything was. That film is fucking great

Edit: holy shit I get it, things are still fucked up, thanks for letting me know. Next time I wont make the mistake of using the wrong verb tense 
> it manages to drop quite a lot of technical information without feeling like it.  

Oh no, it definitely felt like it.  The genius of that film is that it was able to do that so overtly and yet still be super entertaining.  
Without feeling like it? It felt like a college lecture, but longer and more entertaining.
I'd say the opposite. The Big Short used simple language to explain a complex topic. 

Sorkin uses fifty cent words when he really doesn't have to. 
You’re not a weirdo for having a commonly held opinion
I was baffled why Adam McKay was directing that movie.  I read the plot.  Saw the cast.  Watched the trailer.  And it never clicked.  It wasn't until I rented it at Red Box that it made sense. 
The motto for The Big Short is a slow burn drama that plays out as a real life horror. I think the amount of accuracy [(the movie is believed to be about 91% accurate with only two non-essential parts being outright false)](https://informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/based-on-a-true-true-story/) , recency, and PHENOMENAL acting by all involved has made this a true modern classic. To this day it’s still in my top 10 list of films I’ve ever seen.... and if THAT movie is any indicator of how McKay works, Vice is gonna be fucking nuts 
That's what they were going for when they got Selena Gomez to explain how a synthetic CDO works.
No you aren't. It definitely is very entertaining.

Jared: Do you smell that?

Everyone: "What?" "Your cologne?"

*Looks at the guy besides him*

Guy: (smugly) Opportunity.

Jared: No, money. I smell money. 

Everyone: "Oh, right. Yeah." 


wasn't that the point?
The use of celebrity cameos for financial exposition drops helped immensely.
He already did bush when he played Zaphod. 
Did you see him in hitchhikers guide?
I'm going to take this opportunity to crosspost a comment I made in a different thread.

My only concern with this movie is that it's going to oversimplify Bush.

For all of the flaws in Oliver Stone's W., I thought it ably communicated Bush's intelligence and humanity. But because of the way he acted around the media and his constituents (his "common touch"), there's sometimes a tendency to paint him as a rube or yokel when he was actually extremely intelligent. Opinions about his actual run in office aside, the dude is SMART.

It's almost the opposite of the problem his father had. HW lacked the common touch that would have endeared him to voters (and which, in all probability, lost him his second term to Clinton). W had it to a fault, to the extent that his legacy was tainted by it.
Toby would have a conniption if it was Lyman
Lol Bradley Whitford playing a Republican VP would be a sight to see, especially this one
[deleted]
I thought it was Dick Cheney.
Yeah Gary Oldman and Daniel Day-Lewis are pretty weak actors.
Bale, Gosling, Cooper are three guaranteed noms and three of the most popular actors alive right now.  Dafoe, Eastwood, and Redford all in films this year that have/will garner Oscar buzz performances.  I'd throw in Lucas Hedges in there as well as a possibility.    
Rumsfeld took a lot of heat for that statement, but it actually makes sense in context.
Holy crap. I always thought that was just a boondocks quote. TIL

Didn’t the end credits note Brick working in the Bush whitehouse? 
I'm sure Battle Angel's giant creepy eyes won't have trouble seeing anything at all.
Its got all the red flags for a box office bomb. Sci fi, Robert Rodriguez, no box office draw in the casting, based on IP nobody's heard of in the US, crappy title, weird anime eyes, too expensive to make. Even great sci fi movies that are based on existing IPs with name recognition like Blade Runner disappoint at the box office, and if its anything less than excellent it'll end up like Valerian which only made $40m domestic.
starring Jennifer Lawrence as Elizabeth Holmes
I actually passed by her in an SEC building once. She is an incredibly tall woman.
Fucking A that'd be so great. 
I wanna see his experiences in the Mossad I mean not in the Mossad
Yellah, let go
Well this isn't in the movie then what's even the point of watching it?
"U.S.D.A Certified Lean!"
Funky as hell
I think it’s my favorite song from them that they play live.  Saw them in Milwaukee and it was so electric.  Brandon is the perfect guy to have on stage for that song.
Banger?! I don't even know her!
Especially since it's about Being cocky and acting like a macho man 
> Underrated Killers song.

It's one of their singles. How is it underrated? 
Mr. Brightside is such a classic and yet never used. Weird. It's like THE song for my generation.
I wanna see a movie of you two guys!
Gotta get that oil!
[THAT N***A TRIED TO KILL MY FATHA!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DLuALBnolM)
You're making me feel uncomfortable. 
🅱️et and 🅱️lick and ready for a 🅱️ounding
> southern draw

/r/boneappletea
Man was in the hunger games. 
There's a Frontline (PBS) episode called Chaney's Law that I believe addresses a lot of this.  You can watch it free online.  
Yep. Public footprints are what end up with you in prison, and your man in charge getting impeached. They learned some valuable lessons from the Nixon era.
Also, Cheney became the most powerful VP ever. 
Hopefully they also show his and Rumsfelds downfall during Bush's second term. 

Rumsfeld and Cheney were big power players during the first term, but early on in the second term, Bush for all intents and purposes and for better or for worse, remembered the lessons of his father and took control of the ship. He brought in General Stephen Hadley and promoted him to national security advisor and Hadley from anecdotes you hear from guys who were part of the administration, just basically cleaned house with the help of the likes of Gates, and Rice. They push out Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz. And as Bush got more comfortable as president, you also saw this huge right between Cheney and Bush in their ideals and relationship. And I think speaking on a foreign policy level, Bush's second term could be one of the better terms that a modern president has had when it came to foreign policy. Bush became realistic and was much more willing to work with other nations on treaties. Something that even Obama, as much as I loved him for his domestic policies, really struggled with for both of his terms because he allowed his ideology to ignore the realities of what needed to happen in the IR realm and the Near East. This is why you had people like Gen. McChrystal who had qualms with Obama and other senior officials in the administration on their apparently unrealistic views on the situation in the Near East. 

Hopefully the film will show how during the second term of Bush the Younger, they fell from power as Bush began to assert more a more commanding control of his administration.
They go way back to Gerald Ford's time in office, and the magnificently named Halloween Massacre in the White House. Before the deep state was a thing, Rumsfeld and Cheney were fucking elite shadow masters of the deep state. They were the sleeping polar krakens of it, just slumbering beneath the ice caps, managing the levers of power far, far beneath the sun and warmth.   


[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halloween\_Massacre](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halloween_Massacre)
Did not expect that to be real
And Colin Powell's mother, Madea.
This is what I was wondering! How about Condoleeza Rice??
No fucking way, hype
All those improv classes he took are really paying off. 
Steve Carell is one of my favourite actors and I think he's going to be recognised as one of the best of this generation. He's got iconic comedy roles and consistently steals the show in the dramatic projects he takes on. 
Really got political in The Other Guys, which was fun. Imagine he asked for some random stuff in the credit, and he unloaded. 
And this looks comedic like The Big Short 
[deleted]
All the actors you listed are very good, but Bale is one of the absolute best, AND this is a showy role. I think he'll have a pretty good chance of winning it if the movie turns out to be good.
> Robert Redford, The Old Man and the Gun (won for directing but not acting)

They're also pushing this as his retirement movie.

It's an interesting list though. There's a lot of guys here who have hovered around Oscar-caliber performances but never pushed through for one reason or another. Viggo, B-Coops, Jackman, Hawke, Carell, Redford, and Dafoe I believe have all been nominated but never won. Bale has won. Very interesting.
Imo, the look is close enough, and is really tertiary to the general demeanor and speech of the character, and to my recollection he nails those.

I love Sam Rockwell, and honestly when I saw he was playing W is when I was truly sold on this movie...but I wish he hit more of Bush's mannerisms.
> Dick, are you okay?  You’re sweating”

—  Donald Rumsfeld
This is almost as good as Logan Marshall-Green (Upgrade) being referred to as Tom Hardly.
He looks so happy and comfortable lol... I NEED his level of discipline though bc you already know he hit the treadmill and the veg aisle at the grocery store once he got the green light that filming was done.
Mods flaired it as progress lmao
As a big lover of pies, I can testify. 
Looks like we finally have an answer for 'who's been eating all the pies' 
It's the British way!

Mine's a steak and kidney btw.
Stretch marks 
Tical
Tell that to Garry Oldman's Oscar!
Now that you mention the chin, it's completely the wrong color
Holy shit, that's pretty creepy / accurate
Wow, I didn't even realize that was him.
Fucking spot on. 
That legit looks like another person.
He also looks like Chevy Chase here.
I feel like this is why Adam McKay cast him. 
Oh my god...
Did he do a good job
Holy shit!
Spectacular
My bad, it was a long time ago haha
Donald Rumsfeld: Yeah, there were WMDs, and a dead dictator, and I killed a guy with a trident missile.
His name is Brick.
Well I mean brick's epilogue in the first anchorman does state he becomes a top aide in Bush's cabinet 
You guys are talking about the young Rumsfeld. [Tell me this doesn't look more like Rumsfeld](https://i.imgur.com/PCYlvuI.png) than the other actors resemble their counterparts. It's amazing.
At 1:14, with the makeup on, he definitely looks like old man Rummy.
Which was itself a charicature of Dubya, so it all comes back around. 
Humma Kavula!!!
Agree completely. A particular set of mannerisms or even priorities isn't enough to characterize someone as "smart" or "dumb," which are amorphous concepts already. It's not a stretch (right now) to think that the filmmakers are aware of the distinction too.
I think it's more that the movie seems to come at it from their points of view instead of an outsider looking in. That part interests me, because it will be a bit of a buddy flick because they'll be living it up behind the scenes. Has sort of a Wolf of Wall Street vibe if you know what I mean.
Maybe he was brilliant - you can be brilliant and still talk like a red neck. You can be brilliant and still be played and manipulated. 
It annoys me in that piece that part of his proof is that Bush went to Yale. Uhhhh ya, that’s not too hard to do if your Dad was The president of the US. 

And then he says that Bush would have been top of all those MBA students class without even trying. Is that why he was a c student at Yale? Come on.

I definitely believe Bush is smart but there’s holes in that piece.
No, I'm a dummy. I know. I read the book. I just haven't gotten around to watching it yet, *Holt voice* LIKE A FOOL
Right? I was 90 percent it was Jeff Daniels (was also viewing on crap mobile).
I saw the younger Dick Cheney as Christian Bale right away at 1:05 but I was waiting to see who old Dick Cheney was.  I had to pause and stare at the final scene while it sunk in that there was no second actor...
I had no idea that was him I saw Jeff Daniels. Whatever this ends up winning he needs to win for being able to become anyone he wants
I never knew that. 

It makes sense though. 
Humma Kavula!!!! 
I thought he was terrific in W. Absolutely terrific.
[I want to have fat hands and I want to dance.](https://youtu.be/Sa-ch8H_5DE?t=1m40s) 
*I do declare*
I just wanted you to know that you can just say the word "war" and expect anything to happen...
Start the petition
I’m sorry, you must have missed Dwight’s range:

https://m.imgur.com/mWJePYj

Do yourself a favor and watch [Foxcatcher](https://youtu.be/8361stZ8n0w) if you want to see Carrell really bust out with something different. It was crazy.
“If there’s anything more important than my ego in this administration, I want it caught and shot right now. Heyyyyy”
That scene always stands out and makes me smile. “He’s just this guy, you know?”
George had to give those up.
And you get an upvote. 
Christian Bale as Dick Cheney as Patrick Bateman as Tom Cruise
Damn straight he is...I hope they don't pull any punches on this war criminal
Awesome, same progression for me. I think *Galaxy Quest* was probably the first thing I saw him in, since I was a kid at the time. Later, probably college, I saw him in *Hitchiker's Guide* and didn't recognize him until someone told me who it was and I was impressed. I probably saw him in other things, but I decided to watch *Moon* when it was free on Youtube and I was blown away. The plot is sparse in that movie and the visuals are serviceable, but watching his character navigate the situations he is thrown into was fascinating. He really sells that performance and I haven't seen him in anything yet that I didn't like.
he had me at "theres a red thingy moving towards the green thingy"
i read that as /r/scatporn and boy i wish i hadn't
Thank you for your diary! Face Time!
RIP :(
A combination of The Big Short and Too Big To Fail are essential reading for understanding the 2008 financial crisis. 
It helps that they explained it using Margot Robbie in a bubble bath.
>To tell the audience exactly how much the bankers and 1% were actually fucking you over

ftfy. I wish I could say “how fucked up it all was”, but this is what happens when there’s no regulations on Wall Street.... Funny, if I recall [Trump just got rid of those regulations ](https://www.businessinsider.com/wall-street-bank-deregulation-crapo-bill-house-vote-details-2018-5) that were put in place after the recession 
Not to mention it’s fucking hilarious at times. 
Yeah. They literally had sidebars to explain stuff to the audience. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but they weren't exactly subtle about it
Thank you. I'm like, do we love Aaron Sorkin around here?

I actually agree with most of the politics promoted in his productions, but his delivery is (usually) the fucking definition of the "liberal academic elitist" bs that pushes so many moderate conservatives to hate liberals. I can always recognize a Sorkin production because it feels like a redditor arguing about politics with a straw man.
Not only a commonly held opinion but literally a conscious creative choice by the filmmakers.
He was just some guy, you know?
The thing is Bush was much smarter than the average person but he was dumb for a smart person. It used to be, you didn't want a dumb smart person in one of the highest positions in the world. You wanted a smart smart person. So in comparison, he was easy to mock and make fun of. 

However, now we've realized you can have someone that's dumb for a dumb person hold that position. 

So in comparison, a dumb smart person looks way more ideal. 
It's interesting to see the trump/W comparisons because they're basically playing the opposite game.
You can't be Vice President of the United States Josh!  What about Social Security!?!?!?
Toby has NO ROOM to talk after being the leak. 
Yeah, me too. Well, my first though was Chevy Chase, then I realized that was ridiculous. Then it was like “oh, Jeff Daniels”

I’m so confused right now.
It doesn't just make sense, it's an established concept known as the Johari window. 
It makes amazing sense. Don’t agree with his policies but the documentary The Unknown Known was amazing. 
Yeah, it's a thing smart people do say. It just means "we don't know what we don't know". There are known knowns (things we know), known unknowns (things we are aware that we don't have enough information on), and unknown unknowns (things that aren't even on our radar, and we aren't trying to get information on it because we don't know it exists).
I mean, that entire administration was memed into absurdity. Bush obviously was the crux of it and for good reason but pretty much everyone else was more than just competent, Cheney was a mastermind by all accounts. Bush took the heat for a lot of shit that ended up being pretty meaningless while much smarter men toiled behind the scenes much like the current admin. Letting inane comments dominate the news cycle while ultra conservative legislation steamrolls behind the scenes is genius.
Was hoping for a blond Aubrey Plaza. She could pull off that Sociopathic look/manerisms and counterfeit masculine/mannish voice.
Fighting TerRROOR 
seeing it live this year was SO good, one of the best shows I've been.

Such an anthem of our generation indeed.
Love The Killers, but that doesn't necessarily mean Mr Brightside would be a good fit for many films. 
It almost feels as if their songs are made for trailers in movies like this.

All These Things that I have Done would have fit just as perfect for this trailer.
Needs the Bohemian Rhapsody treatment. Topped the charts in 1975-76, then Wayne's World came around in 1992 and made the song a chart topper again.  
40 NATIONS READY TO ROLL, SON!
What? Huh? Oil!? who said something bout oil? bitch you cooking?
Oh- ho!!!
Oil? Huh, wha-? Bitch you cookin'? What's all this about oil?
Japan's sendin PlayStations!!!
THAT MOTHERFUCKER TRIED TO KILL MY FATHER
But do you like it?
im sorry dad
*unbomfortable
Lol, when I read that, for a split second I thought *I* was saying it wrong. Like, "uhhh, is it not drawl? Oh dear."
Also “Buying Iraq” was another good one 
I wonder what lessons people are learning in the current era
The rift culminated in Bush's refusal to pardon Scooter Libby, which Cheney pushed hard for. Curious if that will be covered in the movie too. (Trump pardoned him nine years later.)
Shit, that was beautifully put. Do you write for Adam McKay because you should. 
> polar krakens

[That cumulative upkeep though](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/86/e0/fc/86e0fc8bd8f8b4f1cb80a99bf1d90c8e.jpg)
I honestly thought that was a joke. What is this, *Madea invades Iraq*?

I've got a gun.



I really like some of the choices he's made in films. 

After Foxcatcher, which, I mean, Oh my god what a performance, I really started to see him more as a truly gifted actor. 

I've already forgotten some of the comedic duds he's done, although, I still tune in to watch Burt Wunderstone every once in a while.  LOL!

Dev Patel was also nominated for Best Supporting Actor for Lion
Doesn't hit the squinty eyes.
> Imo, the look is close enough, and is really tertiary to the general demeanor and speech of the character, and to my recollection he nails those.

Reminds me a bit of Fassbender playing Jobs. Sure, Ashton Kutcher looked more like Steve Jobs, but Fassbender really sold the mannerisms and speech. I think Bale really sold himself as Dick Cheney in this trailer along with Sam Rockwell as W.

Yea hes normal again now
He knows he'll just have abs for his next movie
I wonder if he intentionally picks movies requiring drastic body changes after fat roles because he worries that if he did three fat roles back to back he might get stuck. 
It's extremely different when it's literally your job to transform your image and you have tons of money / people to help you with everything in the process!
He does have the benefit of not having a day job that he needs to be at constantly. Makes it a lot easier to set up and motivate yourself for exercise.
Testipie
Starch...masks
PLO style
I can almost hear him brushing off pleas for armored Humvees.
Pierce Hawthorne, Hawthorne Wipes. At your cervix.
Now I want a Tarantino-esque McKay universe.
That would be amazing
I've been meaning to talk to you about that. You should lay low for a while because you're probably wanted for war crimes 
And I never got caught, neitha.
And Brick loves lamp.
Did Brick kill a guy with a trident?
Donald "Brick" Rumsfeld
Oh shit you’re right! I forgot about that 
*That's* what it reminded me of, thank you.  It does have a *Wolf of Wall Street* vibe.
[deleted]
NINE NINE!!
R/unexpectedninenine
Just looking at the frame on the video window, I'm thinking, "Oh, nice, Jeff Daniels is lead, that's awesome.." and I was looking at it on a monitor. Good grief.. I'm practically salivating at the thought of this movie.
[deleted]
Iirc, he categorized it as "Dubya + Elvis."
MAGRATHEA?!
The end of that video was probably the best interview I've seen from Cruise. Thanks for the share.
I watched Tropic Thunder twice before I realized it was Cruise playing that character.
[THIS FWAMING DWAGON!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KleseAAmUKw)
What's the film called they're talking about after that? With the pilot dropping drugs out the plane.
There's been a moyda around here
That's a nice Stanley fro.
Saddam: You idiot! You signed the order to destroy Iraq!

George: I did?

John Kerry: He did?

Saddam: "Love and kisses, Dubya?" You didn't even read it, did you?!

George: Well, I'm president, I don't have a lot of time for reading.

Saddam: My whole regime destroyed because you thought someone wanted your autograph!
After Bush and Trump, I'm voting for drinkers from here on out. 
There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it I have now surpassed. My pain is constant and sharp, and I do not hope for a better world for anyone. In fact, I want my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape. But even after admitting this, there is no catharsis; my punishment continues to elude me, and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself. No new knowledge can be extracted from my telling. This confession has meant nothing.
oh sweet Jesus, you're going to end up conjuring the bloody Mary of psychos. 
You should check out Seven Psychopaths if you haven't yet, he's great in that as well along with Christopher Walken
They really complement each other very well, but not many people know about Too Big To Fail.
I'm also a fan of Margin Call.
Don’t forget “Inside Job”. It’s a documentary but it’s pretty good too. 

Lends a lot of authenticity to the truth, lest they should claim it’s all fiction.
I paid rapt attention to both the econometrics and the biometrics presented in that scene.
[deleted]
Even the regulations that were put in place weren't enough.


A more accurate title for that film would have been *"Everything You Kind Of Knew You Should Understand About The Financial Crisis But Never Thought You Would Be Able To"*, but then nobody would have watched it.
You zarkin' frood!
Was he dumb for a smart person or was it just another case of the media enforcing the hick stereotype? Southerners are always painted as being dumb in your country. Similar to how people from working class backgrounds are painted as "chavs" or idiots in the UK. 
Are we suppose to change our watches every time we change timezones?!! 
[deleted]
I’m confused as to why he took heat for it? I was like 14 or so at the time so I wasn’t following as closely, but it sounds like a perfectly reasonable statement to me. 
Plaza lacks the starpower though.
When I was in the mossad, I mean not in the mossad...
I live in Vegas and seen them a few times.  They are always fantastic!
Without question! Saw them in Boston and it was the most energy I've ever seen on a stage.
Can't have the song upstaging the scene unless it's like Wayne's World where the song is half the scene by intention
Who?
*spills pitcher and runs away*
*unzips* 

ask me again in five minutes
That you can just lie and appeal to partisanship.

What's funny, though, is that we're all hearkening back to the GWB era as if it was somehow better than this, but I think we're going to realize in about two decades that Cheney and Rumsfeld were the beginning of the end for our country.
Sigh. And then Trump pardoned Libby. 
Not saying he's a great actor, but his role in Gone Girl really surprised me so I'm sure he'll do well. 
*raises arms slowly into the air*
lets cast will farell to do his SNL bush
How do they lose weight so easily? Is it just cocaine and partying so hard that stresses the fat off?
enzo ferrari had abs? [cause bale is playing him.](https://i.imgur.com/oPxOrM4.jpg)


Would certainly give him an incentive to get it done, imagine actors had to weigh in like in combat sports and suddenly all over the papers, news that Bale didn't make the cut... 

Depends on how he wants to go out, if like DeNiro then he can slowly put the weight on for good, for the slow plateau of old dad joke flicks, but if he's more like DDL, he'll ride off into the sunset at 60ish, having consistently churned out top drawer performances for most of his career.
Come up in the spot lookin for extra pie
Surfin' the avenue, mad at you, where I used to battle crews



Back when Antoinette had that attitude
LOUD NOISES!
The worst part was the Dementors. 
Does he really love the lamp or is he just saying it because it's there?
God damn those stupid moth memes are *everywhere* these days
Yeah, there were horses, and a man on fire, and I killed a guy with a trident. 
no but he did kill millions of Iraqis with an unneeded war and terrible foreign policy
So we are gonna get a 30 min long drugged out scene?
BONE?!?
Yeap.. same here. Did the exact same thing. Just by the preview I can  tell this one packs a punch. Can't wait for it.

Now of course someone is going to overlay CB's batman voice over the preview and go viral and ruin it. 
For me it’s always the eyes that give Bale away... side note this thread feels like watching the end of The Prestige lol
That's fucking awesome. 
Well thanks for making me watch that entire interview.  I wasn't planning on wasting 9 minutes... but I'm glad I did ;) 
American Made 

I actually enjoyed it a lot. Check it out from your library. It's worth it. 
My head just exploded .. that monologue with Bale as Cheney .. kabloooie
Bale could play Trump.
And the Green Mile!
It was made into a movie [on HBO](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Too_Big_to_Fail_(film\)). 
She was holding a champagne glass? Hunh, guess I'll have to watch that scene again for ... reasons.
Also the amount of champagne in her glass. Drives me absolutely insane. 
I don't think you can blame it all on the media. I'm pretty sure he and his PR team quite consciously built his image as a down-to-earth cowboy on his ranch kinda dude, when in reality he was raised in an influential, intellectual and rich family (with a very famous father, of course) in Houston (one of the biggest cities in USA) and went to Yale and Harvard.
And this is the point of this movie.  Was it W.?  Or was it Chaney playing him?  
  
I think W. was a smart guy that relied too much on his adviser's opinions.  Trump is the opposite - dumb guy, which isn't a huge problem if you acknowledge it, but rejects his adviser's opinions.  
He made some dumb decisions and said some really dumb things on TV that were considered far below what you would expect from a President. 

Now if we were to go back and look back at them, sure they don't look nearly that bad. But that's more because of how far our expectations and standards have fallen. 

For example, yeah maybe judging the 'working class' isn't fair in every day life. But you still wouldn't want one of them to be President without having the ability to articulate and communicate ideas properly. 
I'm of the opinion that he was a man of moderate intelligence that was seduced by harmful ideologies. The general approach in Afghanistan was actually decent when it came to the stated goals, and warranted in an interventionist mindset if that's your cup of tea. If the ring road could have been completed as originally intended, Afghanistan could very possibly have been stabilized against the tribal conflict and the state of governmental collapse that afflicted it. Any self-determining, nationalistic, democratic government in Afghanistan ends where the ring road turns to dirt.

Then the ring road was abandoned when the war in Iraq began and resources were funneled there. Bush honestly seemed to think that we would be seen as liberators in Iraq. He or members of his cabinet suppressed information contrary to the narrative of their ideology, [as made famous by Rove.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reality-based_community) It's impossible to know whether Bush's true failure was an inability to accurately discern reality, an inability to assess risk given an accurately discerned reality, or a disinterest in reality altogether. I believe, though I only have the public information available, that it is the last option. Bush is a religious man, and America more than perhaps any other nation celebrates magical thinking. He deluded himself into the belief that he was not overplaying the hand he was dealt. Whether or not he actually looked at his cards or even understood the game is a question I can't answer. It doesn't really matter how intelligent someone is if they don't apply their intelligence to the reality at hand.
"It's a very common mistake"

"NOT FOR THE US GOVERNMENT!"
Ok, we're gonna need to take some time to let these guys cool off.
My guys are gonna need a minute.
Richard Schiff had mentioned that he didn't like that he was the leak. Didn't feel it was in character. 
So i've only watched through once and am about to start a re-watch. I'll take that into mind when I get there. 
Cause the average joe doesn't know what the Johari window is and it's very easy to make fun of in sound bites.

I don't agree with /u/GodKingofEarth that the parties are equal, but the D's and R's are both pretty good at portraying each other in a very negative light in the media. In the case of the D's, they don't tend to defend their own against legitimate allegations as much as the R's, and often the allegations against the R's are much worse. 

But in the cases like these, both parties throw down just about the same.
Stankonia is gonna drop boms over Baghdad
Japan is sending Playstations
Who the fuck said that? 

What did he tell you? 


They pay people to keep them on schedule. Plan their meals, plan their workouts, plan their days. 
Yeah man. I don’t know if you watch it’s always sunny in Philadelphia but one of the characters who was pretty normal looking got like shreddedddddddd in the off season. Like you can’t help but notice how awesome he looks I’m every episode.

He made an Instagram post about it and [here he talks about what it took. ](https://www.instagram.com/p/BnXtEz1BLFP/?utm_source=ig_embed&utm_campaign=embed_loading_state_control&ig_mid=W7WIygAAAAEQw-iPwvfh1V6t-v8H)  really puts it into perspective. 

You can do it too if you either have enough money to pay people to cook for you and do your shopping and meet with you twice a day to check in on your eating habits. And also a trainer who you pay to personally work with you for hours a day to reach exactly the goals you want or need 


Orrrrrrr you have a fuckton of dedication and drive and get up at 4am to train before work and you meal prep every Sunday and Wednesday and you don’t deviate from your macros.... but that shits hard 
 Its a lot easier if it isn't your natural weight. Most people who are fat got fat very slowly over time and their metabolism has long since embraced it, but he was probably force feeding himself a huge amount more calories than he would normally eat. It was probably not enjoyable at all.

When he went back to his original diet his body probably just recoiled right back. 

Bale is playing [Ken Miles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Miles), [Remo Girone] (https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0320969/) is playing Enzo Ferrari.
Woah woah woah. Woah. Wait a minute. Is that Christian Bale *after* being done with his role in VICE? Like, is that the most recent picture of Christian Bale? And is he starring in a movie where he plays Enzo Ferrari? I have so many questions...
I mean he basically did that for Batman (fail to make weight), when he gained too much and was like 210 when he was supposed to be 190. Then they laughed at him and called him Fatman and he lost those extra pounds. As the story goes... (or at least my recollection of it) 
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE STRATEGIZING ABOUT!
It's because he's a moth.
I love desk. 
Yeah I've been meaning to talk to you about that. You should probably stay low, find somewhere to hide. Because you're probably wanted for murder. 
“I stabbed him in the heart.”
No he absolutely did. There were horses, and a man on fire, and Brick killed a guy with a trident.
Like Franz Brüggen plays the flute
WHERE ARE THEY??!? WHERE IS SHE??
Don't let your memes be dreams
The scene with his shirt off standing near a bunk...you can see a little more "Christian Bale" there as well.  Otherwise, holy shit had to re-watch.  Second time through, agree completely, it's the mouth for me too
It made me think about how it seems people used to hate on Tom Cruise but now it seems like everybody loves him. At least I used to hate on him and now I'll watch pretty much anything he's in. I think it has a lot to do with him being in kick-ass sci-fi and action flicks.
I predict he will one day, when this whole crazy period blows over.

The Trump administration is going to make a *great* hollywood movie one day. People are not going to believe it was all true
The accent thing is also meant to throw off opponents in a debate. Make your opponents think you're an idiot, and then shock them when you are able to competently respond. I remember seeing that in a documentary about Lee Atwater 
Even Obama had that problem. He's openly said he felt he didn't have full control of his foreign policy until 2012.
>He made some dumb decisions and said some really dumb things on TV that were considered far below what you would expect from a President.

You're absolutely right, but Bush was being painted as dumb before he even became President and when he was just campaigning. He said stupid things and misspoke words, but so did Obama, albeit probably not as much, and that "he's a retard" stereotype about him didn't exist nearly as much.
So I won't get into policy stuff because we'll politics is all opinion and doesn't matter for this discussion. But W's biggest weakness was his poor oration skills. He's not a dumb man, not matter how much he was portrayed as such in the media. He's a bad speaker. He isn't a yokel either. The guy went to Harvard. He is a Texan though and that's how Texans talk. Jimmy Carter had a similar problem in his day where he was depicted as a yokel peanut farmer. I think there is a bit of bigotry in it. Most of the big news companies are based up north and they likely people who talk and act like them. Probably one of Obama's biggest assets when running is that he was such a good orator and came across as cool and confident. So why can both succeed? Well America is a big place and values differ. In the south someone who seems approachable and friendly will be popular but someone who comes across as an academic will be seen as an elitist snob. In the north the opposite is true. A southerner would be seen as a dumb hillbilly and the academic will be a valued expert. You can see this with Clinton versus Bush Sr. Both are southerners but Bush spoke and acted like a Washington elite. Clinton was far more charismatic. 
"Do we have a civilization?!"
Did Miles speak with an English or American accent? Ofc it's a testament to his ability but I can't remember the last time Bale used his own accent for a film
VIIINNN—DIII-CAAAA—TIOOOOONNNNN
#WHERE’S LAO?!
I can only imagine - you worked your tail off for the highest gov't position for a year or so and you're thrown into the first days/years of your Presidency, and it must be just absolutely stressful and crazy getting into the swing of things. 

Meanwhile the advisers basically have 1 job to do and I'm sure it's easy to grab some power in the beginning or run your own things by the President with approval while he's got a million other little things to worry about.
I don't have full control of domestic policy in my own house!
Hillary actually talked about this and said how both Bill and Obama spent a whole lot of time learning and practicing to be as charismatic as they were as well as being good public speakers. 

Its an ability that isn't something you are naturally born with but can learn and improve and work on. However, just like any skill or ability, its going to come easier to some people than others. 

And that ability to pick up skills becomes a measure of intelligence as well as work ethic. 

I would go even further and say being able to articulate and communicate an idea is the biggest measure of intelligence. Everyone can feel emotions and have opinions on certain things. But few people are able to analyze and communicate exactly what they mean. 

And to a large extent, that is what politics is. 
He's had his own accent in at least a few films, Prestige, Reign of Fire and Empire of the Sun for example. The wikipedia page mentions Miles having a pronounced english accent.
English, Miles was as steriotypically old gruff British worker as it came. Tank driver in WWII, and a good enough driver to know it. Can't wait for that movie!!!
>  Empire of the Sun

This example is a bit disingenuous given  that he was **thirteen** at the time, not sure if he could've pulled off a different accent back then.
