Winchester... Ghosts...

CARRY ON MY WAYWARD SOOOOOONNN
Cringe at the mirror gag... C'mon, guys.
[deleted]
I really like period horror movies and the cast is awesome. Winchester House never really seemed all that spooky though.
I thought the Winchester Mystery House wasn't really haunted and they just made that story up to sell tickets?
what was that intro for?
Trailer before a trailer.....
Just so everyone knows, something this movie seems to get quite wrong is Sarah Winchester's age.  In real life she was only 44 when she started construction on the house.  Not only is Helen Mirren quite a bit older than 44, it looks like the filmmakers tried to make her look even older than she actually is.
They should shorten that title.
Release date?
Why is it that there's this trend of a preview of the trailer before the trailer on youtube? 
Damn it, damn it, damn it! You've got Helen Mirren and an interesting 
 story that people want to hear more about. How in the hell did this devolve into a jump scare movie? Every time I hear some industry exec crying about how revenue isn't what it used to be, I want to smash this trailer into their stupid face.
I'm really looking forward to this one.
I was shooting a film at Docklands studios back in April and the Winchester crew were using the stage next door for the house interiors. One of them came into our building and wanted to use the toilet and we told him he couldn't and to use the facilities at the Winchester stage. True story
Even though it's kinda expensive to go visit the house, I really loved my tours through it. The history behind it is so dope! I'll go see this for sure. 
[deleted]
lmfao i can't believe the winchester trustees actually allowed a movie to happen, they've crushed other ones just like this but considering the dumbass maze they put in for halloween i guess it's par for the course. gotta get that $$$ however they can

my first ever job was a tour guide at winchester in 2010 and it was bad enough when people were like "hurr hurr did she have brothers named sam and dean." i bet the guides are going to have more issues with people wandering off their tours and being stupid jackasses now. a shame really because the house itself is quite beautiful and interesting as are the grounds but working there grates on your soul because aforementioned jackasses.

as an aside, it's funny to see where they're trying to make things ~spooky~ when they aren't. that switchback staircase has easy riser stairs irl because mrs winchester couldn't use normal stairs as she got on in life and it was the most economical way to put them in. if they really wanted some spooky shit they should've been forced to clean all the windows in the 1907 bedroom during a major rainstorm by themselves on slow day or just hang out on the third floor of the last three flights alone aka where most guides experience spooks :p
Insert obligatory seance scene
Alan Moore wrote an amazing Swamp Thing comic based on the Winchester House. Check it out!
Deadliest widow since Jean Moreau?
Have fond memories of visiting this house. Specifically remember that weird narrow staircase in the trailer that twists back on itself and how awkward it was.

Also from the exterior shot of the house it looks like it takes place before the 1906 earthquake when it reached 7 stories high instead of only the 4 stories it is today.

Pity about those generic jump scares, though. Hope it's just a studio-forced trailer and not an accurate reflection of the film itself.
Super excited! Just visited this house 2 months ago. It was a very creepy place, very elaborate.
This shit looks cliché asl, the cast is great tho 
along with the BWAMMMs, this trailer is pretty out of touch.  
That last bugger really got me! Damn double fake-out!
They should make "Jump scare - the movie". No plot, just jump scares. Noone would notice the difference.
I don't live too far from it, have gone fairly recently. I enjoyed it. It's definitely more of a "Wow this is weird as hell, this lady was crazy" than a "Oh shit it's totally haunted" thing though.
I grew up right new to San Jose and have been to the Winchester House many times (though its been a few years since I was last there).

To the best of my recollection, the story is that after he husband died she visited a psychic who told her that in order to appease the ghosts / spirits of all the people who had been killed by the guns that been produced by her husband's company, she had to build a house that would have to be permanently under construction.

So yeah, its not that she bought a house that was already "haunted", its that the act of constructing the house kept the ghosts and spirits at bay.
Should... should we tell him?
Nothing is actually haunted
Debated posting this; fuck it, I'm half-asleep and too tired to care.

It's not haunted, the woman who built it felt she was haunted by the souls of those killed by Winchester rifles after speaking to a mystic. She kept building and building so the ghosts wouldn't reach her and got lost until the place was a jumbled mess of false doors, narrow hallways and brick-and-mortar mindfuckery.

I specifically remember one room with a small boot closet that's walled off with bricks; if you go to the room parallel to it, you can see where someone build a tunnel connecting it to a third room only to seal it off a few days later.

TL;DR: Not haunted per se, just reaaaaaaally fucking creepy. Basically what TheDongerNeedsFood stated.

Source: Skeleton Key Club member, visited TWH several times and only shit myself twice
I've seen a few travel TV shows about it, and although no one can prove it was haunted (for obvious reasons) I think the house and the story behind it is still really creepy. 

Even if you take the story as an unhinged woman building random passageways to nowhere and doors that open to brick walls and stuff in order to trick ghosts, its pretty unsettling and intriguing. I feel like a lot can be done with a movie about this.
From what I was told on the tour, she was told by a psychic that she needed to keep building the house so the souls that perished from a Winchester gun couldn't get to her in the labyrinth of a house.
I remember reading something about that too. Apparently, the old lady just had an interest in architecture or something, and all the weird stuff was her messing around with her hobby. Can't remember where I stumbled onto this factoid though.
These are for when the trailer runs as a 15 second pre-roll ad to *OTHER* YouTube videos, it tries to grab your attention so you stay for the whole trailer.
It’s way more badass without the “Winchester” part. I get why they want that brand recognition- but the Venn Diagram overlap of spooky flick lovers and gun enthusiasts has got to be small. 

I’m interested, though. 
Feb 2nd, 2018
You could check out house of penance, a graphic novel also inspired by the winchester house. 
People bought film stock! Carpenters drove nails into wood! Caterers boiled water for coffee and made bagels so that the crew would have the nutrition to make *Winchester: The Bed That Eats People.*
>it's funny to see where they're trying to make things ~spooky~ when they aren't.

Yeah I've been there too. None of it's "spooky" IRL unless you're a superstitious simpleton, but it's a fictitious haunted house movie about a fascinating landmark, they're gonna utilize the house's elaborate structural attributes to their full creative potential. It's the whole point of the film. They're not gonna waste two hours building suspense around how she had a bad back and went senile.
They had that maze back in 2011 iirc. Don't think it's particularly new. 
This looks ponderous. 
Wow, just in time for not Halloween.
Thanks, I will look it up!
lmao there are some things in the house that are def spooky, including the old wax museum heads that are visible on tour if you know where to look.

and yeah, i'm not dumb, but it's just... already ruined for me u feel. i worked there for 7 months. most of the things they're using to build suspense i had to sweep or dust or otherwise clean while dodging sticky tourists and office team building groups
the wmh is over 130 years old. the halloween maze is still, comparatively, "new"
